I love this country so much it hurts.Donald J. Trump &#10004;@realDonaldTrumpWow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.3:40 AM - 7 Aug 2015 · Manhattan, NY, United StatesDonald J. Trump &#10004;@realDonaldTrump"@timjcam: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo @MegynKelly will consider other programs!"3:24 AM - 7 Aug 2015Donald J. Trump &#10004;@realDonaldTrump.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!3:28 AM - 7 Aug 2015 · Manhattan, NY, United StatesDonald J. Trump &#10004;@realDonaldTrump.@FrankLuntz, your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!3:45 AM - 7 Aug 2015
Fiorina is boring and also no more qualified to be President than Carson and Trump, who are also political outsiders with impressive experience in other fields, and both are far more successful than she is. Trump is also a businessperson and much wealthier, Carson was literally THE class of his field as a neurosurgeon.She's also, overall, the least conservative of all 17 candidates, which is not good for a GOP primary, especially when you register at barely above 0% in the polls.I though Perry won the first debate, because he only had a few minor tongue-tied stutters/stumbles, and was very animated and just as detail oriented as anyone else on stage. any run of the mill GOP primary voters who watched probably enjoyed him and were probably no less bored to tears by Carly than by Gilmore or Pataki.We'll see if FOX NEWS hype and propaganda are enough to get her into the Top 10.
I don't know how representative they are of the GOP primary masses, but gauging the crowd I run with, Rubio and Fiorina will be the big movers, and take away support from Bush and Walker.Trump will emerge literally unscathed and still poll between 20 and 30%.
Not in Mom's basement you don't!
"The war is on. The GOP must be destroyed. Go Trump!!!""Trump is exposing enemies of the Republic.""Megan should be the one who is forced to apologize.""The PC police and the MSM have their long knives out. It's time for us to take out our own long knives and show them who's the boss."Donald Trump is literally going to win the GOP primary.
I think I've made a terrible mistake.
This has been a fun ride but I am beginning to get the nervous feeling that the brakes on this freight train might be out.
I'd like to get off now please.
I listened to Limbaugh on Thursday because I was wondering where he stood.For the 45 minutes I had it on it was nothing but white-knighting and defending Trump, and claiming there was a conspiracy out to get him ahead of the debate that evening.I don't know what his numbers are like now, but I know WAAAAAAY back when I listened to that trash unironically he had something like 20 million listeners.
LOL at your precious little open-and-honest about it socialist candidate getting clowned by your precious little wannabe civil rights movement.Enjoy your crony-capitalist nominee who is getting her money from the same people who are funding JEB!
Of course he didn't.Democrats will vote for the Clintons like the good little lemmings they are. The truth is, the base of the Democratic electorate - the poor, the uneducated, the disenfranchised - they LIKE IT that way. Some people just want a master, just want a comfy little cage, just want to be led and comforted by their leader(s). Those who want break the chains of poverty, those who want to learn, and those who want to MAKE a fair shot and the American Dream for themselves, well, they don't sit around waiting for Democrats to give them a table scrap and a pat on the head, nor do they vote for them.I don't agree with Sander's views or ideology, but I'll give him and the EXTREME minority of so-called Democrats who will vote for him credit - even though they're wrong about thinking THEIR ideology will make them free and equal, at least they want it. At least they have the courage of their convictions. Most Democrats won't vote for it not because they don't buy into it, but because they're fucking pussies and fucking scared. They'd rather keep on living their safe, comfortable, mediocre lives and letting jet-setting oligarchs like the Clintons rule them and lie to them. Live and die subsisting on crumbs, living in hovels, relying on the charity of their benevolent masters.
So, uh, you guys over at the RNC can feel free to use your connections to leak some of the weekend polling figures any time now.I know you don't want to wait 4-5 days for the full polls to be finished AND officially released for the Trump funeral.Any time now you can leak about his plummeting support in likely GOP voter scientific polls and we can move on, having enjoyed quite a laugh and a good time.It's time to get serious now guys.
Good lord. Trump's interview on Meet the Press belongs in the Smithsonian.
Just on Meet the Press --- NBC Post debate Poll:#1 Trump - 23%#2 Cruz - 13%#3 Carson - 11%#4 Fiorinia - 8%#4 Rubio - 8%Moe +/- 3.4%August 7th-8thBush and Walker fall out of the Top 5, Kasich falls out of the Top 10.It will be interesting to see what other polls show, this poll is a HUGE shake-up. Cruz was averaging around 6th place and between 5 and 6%. Fiorina wasn't registering. Carson was around 5th place and 6%. Rubio was BEHIND Bush and Walker as the establishment candidate.
I'll break character for a moment to say, for now, I am hitching my wagon to Rubio. He was EXTREMELY impressive on Meet the Press this morning to follow up his good debate performance.Being married to a Latino is one thing, this guy actually is a latino, and he does not come with Bush family baggage. So far in this short window, he actually appears ready for prime-time. I honestly didn't expect him to be this polished.Rubio vs. a tired, old, baggage-laden Clinton would be a match-up dream come true.
Well they have something positive to point to at least - the emergence of Rubio.I don't think anyone would have argued that he'd be a superior general election candidate to the Bushs and Walkers of the world IF HE WAS READY.I think most people, based on the past few years, thought he simply wasn't going to be up to snuff.If he can continue to outclass Bush and Walker on the debate stage, he'd be a huge ray of hope for the establishment.But yes, it is quite amusing that the outsider, angry with white-hot rage candidate and the insider, angry with white hot rage candidate are #1 and #2 in that poll and the only other guy above 10% at #3 is also a guy with zero political experience like #1.So basically the top 3 are 2 people who have had nothing to do with the political process, and 1 guy who has but only to the extent that he has been throwing tantrums in congress and throwing feces like a bad monkey at the GOP leadership.
Donald Trump is going to be President. The idiot loser poors in the media tried their best to slay him and to prop up Bush and Walker, but as we can see not only did Trump maintain his 20%+ lead in the field, but his #2, his right hand man, the one candidate who was wise enough to kiss his ass, Zodiac Killer, has been promoted to #2 in the polls by the voting public. In addition, while not as smart as Zodiac Killer, Ben Carson has at least refrained from insulting the Donald, and as a result has been promoted to #3.The fools who dared oppose Mr. Trump have already been relegated to the trash bin of history.Americans have spoken - we're ready to make America Great Again!!!
No but it's early and I haven't seen anything from anyone.
Yep. When we were kids my brother and I called it the giant butt every time we drove past it.
HOWHOW IS THIS POSSIBLE
LOL as if I needed more proof that Democrats are beta bitches.Just saw video on FOX of Bernie's rally getting destroyed by two chubby little bimbos.Donald Trump would have told them to shut the fuck up, described in detail for the audience just how fat and disgusting they were, and then some loyal suits would have dragged them away kicking and screaming.
LOL Ferguson is going to burn again.Don't these fine, upstanding, Democratic voting people realize they're playing right into Donald "Richard Nixon" Trump's hand???His straight up ripping off of Nixon with "silent majority" and "restoring law and order" is going to play much better with this crap in the news.
This was my experience as well. I had ZERO debt from undergrad AND grad school. Education costs in Florida under Bush seemed just fine to me. Also the biggest thing that happened with respect to education costs was the responsibility of VOTERS themselves. Sometime around 2002 or 2003 IIRC there was a ballot initiative that passed re: smaller class sizes, and Bush and the GOP establishment warned that it would increase costs and probably lead to budget cuts and higher tuition, reduction in funding for the Bright Futures program, etc. I voted YES anyway, because if there's one legitimate area of govt. spending among all the crap they have no business doing, it's public education. Plus large classes are trash, hell even smaller class sizes still aren't good enough, and my kid will be home-schooled since there is no excuse for a child not to have mastered by 10 years old what our government schools ostensibly require by the end of high school, although they always seem to churn out plenty of "graduates" who are in no way prepared for college or career.Say what you will about him, I know most folks here wouldn't vote GOP in a million years next November, but Bush really was a very good governor. Probably the best I ever personally lived under in any state I've lived. Look at his successors in contrast, Charlie Crist (poor) and Rick Scott (really awful). Look at his predecessors (Lawton Chiles, whose second term was finished by Buddy MacKay), and the kind of shape the state was in when he took over. Not to mention the timing of coming into office, right before the dot-com bubble burst and we entered a recession.
Great line Bernie, so why are you running for the nomination of the party that has seen to it that we keep moving in this direction???
First my guns and now my college football? What's next, the internal combustion V8?
And I heard, as it were, the noise of thunder:One of the four beasts saying: "Come and see." And I saw.And behold, a golden coiffure.There's a man goin' 'round takin' names.An' he decides who to fire and who to blame.Every candidate won't be treated all the same.There'll be a golden chopper touching down.When the Donald comes around.The hairs on your arm will stand up.At the furor in each tweet from Donald Trump.Like Nixon, he'll restore law and order,Mexicans will go back across the border.When the Donald comes around.Hear the trumpets, hear the pipers.Sixty million conservatives singin'.Multitudes are marching to the beat of his drum.Voices callin', voices cryin'.Illegal immigrants' victims are dyin'.It's Donald Trump's Kingdom come.And FOX's Roger Ailes will bend the knee.And the other candidates will shake in their socks.All the main-stream media will bend the knee.To the new master, the man with golden locks.Till Armageddon, no Mexicans, closed borders.And Mexico will pay for a wall on Donald's orders.And the Grand Old Party will have a new warderAnd Ailes and Preibus will grovel on the groundWhen the Donald comes around.Whoever is a loser, let him be a loser still.Whoever is a fat pig, let her be a fat pig still.Whoever bleeds from wherever, let her ***** bleed still.Listen to the words long written down, When the Donald comes around.Hear the trumpets, hear the pipers.Sixty million conservatives singin'.Multitudes are marching to the beat of his drum.Voices callin', voices cryin'.Illegal immigrants' victims are dyin'.It's Donald Trump's Kingdom come.And FOX's Roger Ailes will bend the knee.And the other candidates will shake in their socks.All the main-stream media will bend the knee.To the new master, the man with golden locks.The GOP and the media will ALL bow down.When the Donald comes around.And I heard a voice in the midst of the seventeen candidates,And I looked and behold: a Sikorsky S-76.And his name, that rode in it, was Donald.And Hell followed with him.
Instead of unskewing polls this year I think I'm just going to keep unskewing poem and song lyrics to their proper, pro-Trump glory.
John Travolta has really gone down hill. Glad to see he supports Making America Great Again Though.
The hat looks even better in your photo than on the website.I think I'm going to get one. It'll go great with my grandpa's "I like Ike" stuff.
Holy Shit. Trump's closing music - Twisted Sister - We're Not Gonna Take ItPerfect LOL.
An ode to Megan Kelly.Hey! c'mon!But they don't hear me thoughBut they don't hear me though,But they don't, they don't, they don't, they don'tShe's got blood in her eyes, she has no remorseShe's got blood in her wherever she on the rag of course (c'mon!)She's a nasty bimbo, when you ask me bimbo look me in my eyes (what!)Tell the Donald to his face that I'm tellin' a lie (c'mon!)I'll end your stupid show, it's got to goDon't be stupid, you heard what I said bimboYou come after me? Aww bimbo, you don't know (woo!)After you get canned you'll be a broke ho (what!)Yo! don't you get the picture? Bimbos can't touch me (uhh!)Cause I don't give a fuck b, I'll get you fired bI got sway, to get Roger Ailes to show you the doorAnd enough crazy neocons behind me to start a war (c'mon!)So what you want bimbo? help, cause Donald is the best (uh!)Now I'm pissed, and I'll leave your shit career a messAn apology for my tweets? Aww hell no (yea!)Cause I'm the Donald, you ain't nothing but a bimbo (what!)And if you've had a man's brain in your little headYou wouldn'ta asked such loaded questions, seeing redNow I'ma have to get you bimbo, take your job with Fox News (what!)You should have kissed the rings, like my boy Zodiac Killer (c'mon!)You ain't ready, nor can you stand how I'm bringin it (uh!)I'm givin it is how I'm livin it so I'm swingin it (uh!)Red tears in your eyes, cause you're in my rangeRed dot on your blouse, cause it's a flo day
Not to mention the fact that if it's OK for other candidates to prop up Fiorina, what would stop Trump from propping up a bunch of other candidates to keep the field populated and his opposition splintered???He could just as easily hand wave it away as he has everything else - "Oh, I think it's really important that everyone's voice is heard and also the competition is sharpening me to take down Hillary." Anyone who tries to call him on it would probably be about as successful as Megan Kelly was trying to crucify him over past sexist remarks.
Mother of GOD.Hahahahahahahaha
Ahem.
LOL.http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/tips...ory?id=33046042Keep on believing that Trump can't do to her what he's done to the GOP field - overcome a seemingly insurmountable deficit to take the lead.
http://www.270towin.com/maps/5pD3vI'm being generous leaving Colorado, Nevada, and New Mexico blue. Remember, the hispanics love Trump even more than regular people.
Obama won with 50.8% of the vote.LOL at anyone who thinks any nominee is going to equal or best Obama.By disregard my earlier map. Hillary holds onto Virginia JUST BARELY, but surprise VP pick Scott Walker carries Wisconsin for Trump.http://www.270towin.com/maps/56XJbThe GOP House installs JEB! as President.
God is real, Trump will win the GOP nomination, Sanders will win the DEM nomination, Sanders will win the national popular vote, the electoral vote will end up in a 269-269 tie, and the GOP will install a hand picked President.
Honestly as long as Bush, Rubio, Kasich, etc. is the nominee, I actually think the GOP will definitely retake the 3 east-coast swing states Obama BARELY hit 50% in in 2012 - Ohio, Virginia, and Florida.I think the election will come down to whether they can take one swing state from the west (CO, NV, or NM) OR one of the extremely white swing states (IA or NH).I have a hard time seeing Jeb! or Rubio not being able to take one of those 5. Hillary is a garbage candidate and all the Dems who have stayed out of the race because of her are crazy, as is the DNC for not pushing big time candidates to enter the race and instead trying to engineer a Hillary coronation.Honestly, I'd be a heck of a lot more worried if Hillary had serious competitors, because someone who is actually a good candidate would eventually emerge from a well stocked primary battle. Hillary's only strength is the generic electoral baseline for any Democratic candidate who isn't way out in left field. Her personality sucks, her delivery sucks, she's old, she has a ton of baggage, and she's just not likeable like a Joe Biden. Or a Barack Obama even.
http://www.270towin.com/maps/azwG0
Trump would win every single rabidly red state. The rabidly red states have merely been tolerating centrist candidates for the sake of the states on the borderline.Look at the SC polls that have been done, where Trump is absolutely obliteraing the competition and has a lead double his national average and triple or quadruple what he has in states like Iowa and NH.If Trump ran 3rd party, everyone would know that the race is over and the Democrats win. GOP voters would then use the election as a battle for party supremacy, and the anti-establishment crowd would win. Hell, I bet Zodiac Killer would gladly run on the ticket with Trump if this happened, that self-aggrandizing fuck.
God Bless Donald Trump and keep him safe from harm.I am sorry I ever doubted you. Brakes are overrated. CHOO-CHOO
CSPAN callers restore my faith in humanity.
This Democrat caller who is pro Trump has a swarthy accent.Minorities love Trump as much as regular people.
Bernie Sanders Democrat caller loves Trump too.ALL ABOOOOOOAAAAAARD
Millenial Obama voters love Trump too.
"Only marshal law can keep Trump out of the Whitehouse"
Reagan lover thinks Trump will be the greatest thing that has ever happened to America.
June Polls - Clinton vs. Trump --- Clinton +20July Polls - Clinton vs. Trump --- Clinton +15August (so far) Clinton vs. Trump --- Clinton +5http://www.realclearpolitics.com/ep...5491.html#polls.....November 2016: http://www.270towin.com/maps/5BBlb
Yeah, the same one that had Clinton +17 last time.Yooge momentum baby. It's happening.
LOL. The motivation behind those questions is to try to measure the impact of the story on her presidential campaign. Also I'd love for you to explain how doing so is "injecting propaganda into the head of 1,008 people" when the only two pieces of information given are: (1) "In March, Clinton said no emails on her private server contained classified information," and(2) "government investigators recently determined classified information was contained in Clinton’s emails on that server."Both of which are simple statements of fact, unaccompanied by any opinion.Should pollsters simply ignore the issue and NOT try to determine whether or not it is impacting her candidacy or perception of her?
LOL.Same old, same old, the Democrats will N-E-V-E-R actually do anything because they like things just the way they are. They're real good at whispering sweet nothings and collecting votes on election day. Meanwhile iron-fisted control and ZERO Republican roadblocks mysteriously aren't enough for them to do jack fucking shit in many places.Look at the Democrat's current joke of a POTUS candidate - Martin O'Malley.Governor of Maryland for 8 years, 2007-2015.423rd through 427th assemblies - State Senate - 33 Democrats, 14 Republicans. State House of Delegates - 104 Democrats, 37 Republicans.428th through 431st assemblies - State Senate - 35 Democrats, 12 Republicans. State House of Delegates - 97-98 Democrats, 43-44 Republicans.Mayor of Baltimore - Democrat. ZERO Republicans on the city council since 1942.Gee Golly, I bet Baltimore is a bastion of progress for Black Americans. Those mean ol' do-nothing Republicans didn't have a shred of power while O'Malley was running the entire state. The mayor is always a Democrat, the entire city council is always made up of ONLY Democrats, and their wonderful, progressive Democratic party has a stangle-hold on the state assembly, with the Republicans being the minority in both the Senate and House for almost AN ENTIRE CENTURY (1917 was the last time the GOP controlled a majority - in the House of Delegates).When good ol' Martin O'Malley was governor, this man who is totally qualified to be President and a real go-getter, I'll bet black lives REALLY mattered and things were just so swell. I'll bet the loving, caring, Democratic party used their iron-fisted control of the city (AND state) during all those years to really make a difference. I'll bet that today, the government schools that black families have no choice but to send their kids to are a model for the nation. I'll bet SAT scores and college admissions for the community are sky high. I'll bet that economic prosperity is blessing them all thanks to the Democrats. The neighborhoods probably look like something out of Leave it to Beaver. Crime is probably non-existent. Employment is probably through the roof. I'm sure black Americans living in Baltimore are totally bewildered by the black lives matter movement. They probably don't understand how educational and economic outcomes for their fellow black Americans can still be lagging so far behind, because THEY have been blessed and privileged to live in a Democratic Party wonderland.
LOL Even better than the last one.I hope Jeb!'s desperate ad buy spurs team Trump to start airing TV ads this fall too.
I like how all those reassuring Demographic arguments for Democrats assume that the GOP couldn't possibly break the 60% glass ceiling with white voters. Or couldn't possibly start matching their average performance with the white vote in states like Michigan where they have been underperforming.Democrats have been fucking the working class just as hard as establishment republicans, and suck just as much chamber of commerce dick. In fact, it's gotten to the point where now it is the Democratic Party and wealthy Democrat businessmen who are the loudest advocates for gutting the American working class, and replacing them with cheap foreign labor.All the GOP needs is a candidate free from the GOP's anti-labor stench. An outsider. A man who will rail against the outsourcing of jobs and the in-sourcing of cheap foreign labor. A man who has worked with unions in the past and made pro-union statements. A man who will make America Great Again.
Yep. BUT it's REALLY, REALLY stupid on CNN's part.They'll be tarred and feathered by everyone who isn't a Democrat for being "in the tank" for the Democrats.Fiorina might not be polling where she is if it wasn't for FOX pumping her up and claiming she "won" the debate, but 2 wrongs don't make 1 right and CNN using really old polls to keep someone who is currently polling around #7 and ahead of Christie, Kasich, Paul, and Huckabee out of the "Top 10" debate is going to make them look REALLY bad.
I want to vote for Mitt Romney again.He's a much better candidate than JEB!Also I don't knock the guy for losing to freaking Barack Obama. And Obama isn't going to be the Democratic candidate this time.Also unlike JEB! and Scott Walker, Romney can actually debate. He clowned Obama in the economy debate, he didn't do as well on foreign policy but now he can play the "See, I told you so" card, and when last cycle's mini-Trump, Newt, won a debate or two and then the SC primary, Romney took him on in the Florida debate and shredded him and that was that for the GOP primary.
Democratic presidential candidate Martin O’Malley apologized “like a disgusting, little, weak, pathetic baby” for his remark that “all lives matter,” Donald Trump said in an excerpt of a new interview aired Friday on Fox News.In an interview with Jeanine Pirro for her program “Justice” set to air Saturday night, Trump said that the former Maryland governor did not need to say he was sorry.“And then he apologized like a little baby, like a disgusting, little, weak, pathetic baby. And that’s the problem with our country,” Trump said....http://www.politico.com/story/2015/...l#ixzz3jU6XhPdg
isidewith.comZodiac Killer - 67%Bernie Sanders - 67%Uhhhhh.....
A choice selection of about 3 seconds worth of Youtube comments from the Trump feed:FUCK WHITESDEPORT OBAMARACE IS ONLY SKIN DEEPTHE STOCK MARKETS ARE CRASHING THANKGS TO THE KIKESREMOVE BURRITOREMOVE WATERMELON
Hell yeah!!!It ain't a GOP rally until we get Brooks & Dunn."ONLY IN AMERRRICAAAAAA"Need some Aaron Tippin too.
This man is literally going to be President of the United States of America
That's pretty funny. Accurate as well.Jeb! and Hillary will both bow down to the chamber of amnesty, and sell the American blue collar worker out in an effort to whore for latino votes.Only Trump vs. Sanders can save us.
Why is it that every single fucking picture ever of a Democratic campaign event proves my stereotype of liberal voting "men" as being fucking pussies.It's like the Hillary Pizza parlor picture. All Democrat males in "the demo" look like fucking bitches my wife could kick the shit out of.Grow some hair on your chests, lift a thing, buy a gun, learn how to use tools, throw the hipster glasses in the trash, and vote Republican you beta bitches.
I agree. Democrat voting "men" are real purty.
The Greater American Empire needs virile, masculine men who will lead our people to glory.
Why would Joe Biden have a meeting with Elizabeth Dolezal Warren?Asking for endorsement? Or VP spot???
That cartoon is honestly VERY accurate re: the feelings of the rank-and-file I interact with towards both Trump and JEB!
Romney BRIEFLY trailed Perry something like 30% to 20%, and that was BEFORE the public got a good look at Perry, when he was merely an idea and a bunch of slick yet stupid commercials and being hyped up the the conservative media.Romney BRIEFLY trailed Gingrich something like 30% to 20% as well when Gingrich started dropping turds on the media during the early debates. He also briefly trailed him by a couple points when Newt handily won the SC debate and then won the SC primary. Otherwise, Romney was basically in control from start to finish.Trump has been ahead of Bush for more than a FULL MONTH now and is slowly and consistently GROWING his lead. Bush in no, way, shape, or form looks like a man in control who is simply in the midst of a temporary flirtation with an "anti-Bush" candidate of the week in the way there was an anti-Romney flavor of the week in 2012.From this side of the aisle, Trump is no Herman Cain or Rick Perry or Newt Gingrich. He has resources, he has teeth, he weathers things that dwarf the stumbles and scandels that crushed Cain and Perry. The only hope the anti-Trump establishment has is that someone can emerge to take him out the way Romney took out Gingrich.When I look at JEB! and Scott Walker and try to imagine them emulating Romney's take-down of Newt against Trump, I laugh. These pansies would be utterly humiliated by the time Trump finished with them,
TITCR. Seriously.And it's pretty clear he won't do it voluntarily. Someone has to MAKE HIM look weak.If the field is set, Trump WILL be the nominee. You can take that to the bank with a stone-cold lead-pipe lock Boosted_C5 guarantee.
Yeah. I got Florida wrong too. I though Romney would win both those states and only lose by a few electoral votes.He came pretty damn close though. The Obama machine was just so good at churning out new idiots to replace the ones that abandoned him after reality set in for four years.
This is where a LOT of us in the GOP stand.The top tax rate has no business being as high as ~40%. And it wouldn't need to be if (1) we spent less, and (2) we treated all income the same.Based on IRS data re: adjusted gross income, a flat tax on ALL income with no separate treatment of capital gains of somewhere in the mid 20s % would not only equal current revenue levels, but actually would have been enough for a net surplus in the aughts. I include KEEPING EITC in this, as well as not applying that flat rate until $20,000 in adjusted gross income. I actually spent countless hours researching this for a project.EDIT: found my old spreadsheet with IRS adjusted gross income data (they provided brackets i.e. the amount of AGI from people with income between X and Y in $10,000 intervals. From FY 2000 through FY 2011 we incurred an actual net deficit of $5.7 Trillion.The plan I came up with was:(1) Flat 25% individual income tax rate on ALL forms of income, and keeping the EITC, and not applying the tax until $25,000 in AGI, and a corporate income tax rate of zero to fund NON-SS/Medicare.(2) Combined flat 12% SS/Medicare tax (currently wages only, 15.3% combined until around $118,000, where SS part drops out) on ALL forms of income and on corporate income to fund SS/Medicare.Plan would have produced net surplus from FY 2000 - FY 2011 of $1.2 Trillion.EDIT 2: that's with NO spending cuts. With a 10% reduction in discretionary spending and no cuts to ss/medicare, 25% rate can be appied at $40,000 income and above and produces 1.1 Trillion net surplus FY 2000 - FY 2011
LOL the music makes this.https://instagram.com/p/6NbVyEmhdB/...realdonaldtrump
It has to be. Otherwise you can't call SS and Medicare anything other than welfare with a straight face.BUT with 0% income tax on income up to a certain level, and keeping EITC, you'd have people ending up with a negative federal income tax effective rate.Also the great part of the plan (or something similar but more brilliant than mine) is that low corporate rate. WE'D become the world destination for corporate outsourcing. Fuck you Bahamas, Bermuda, Cayman Islands, etc.: http://www.forbes.com/pictures/gg45ehmhi/bahamas/It also counters the "YOU'LL KILL INVESTMENT" argument that will come form proposing eliminating separate treatment of cap gains. Yeah, they'd be taxed a little higher at a flat 25% rate, BUT the corporations you're investing in will be sitting a lot prettier with a flat 12% corporate income tax to help fund ss/medicare.
Keep panicking investors, let's see how low we can go!!!I'll get to buy stocks on sale, and the Democrats' POTUS election outlook will tank right along with the market.SELL SELL SELL SELL
Man on trading floor on FOX Business channel:"Mark it down, August 24, 2015 is the day the FED lost control"I love you and your crazy cow-print jacket FOX Business channel man.Burn baby burn. I have cash to invest and Mr. Trump has an election to win.Time to hit rock bottom so we can rise from the ashes and make America Great Again. (and so I can profit buying cheap stocks).
Woah. Down over 1000 points less than 5 minutes in.Hold onto your butts.
Agreed. Democrats should STFU and accept the second amendment and the fourteenth amendment. The feds and state and local govts. cannot infringe upon our right to keep and bear arms, get over it gun grabbers.
That was the match, but it's more about our own FED and economic policy.Looks like things MAY be stabilizing this morning now. Hovering around down ~ 800 points now.
(1) No, (2) Stupid
Pffffft, nice to meet you 1980s time traveler. Computers do this shit now so traders have more coke-snorting time.
The problem is she isn't also calling for slashing the hell out of the upper marginal income rates that are slaughtering main street and small business.There is ZERO excuse for ANY tax rate at or above 30%. The Democrats have had the power recently to alter tax policy and they used it to push up marginal income tax rates. They have ZERO credibility when it comes to making the tax code flatter and fairer and making wall-street pay its fair share so main street can enjoy lower rates.
Yeah, I don't disagree with any of that. I said flatter and fairer, not an actual flat tax which doesn't work or make sense in the real world.
This checks out.Hmmmmm.... what do I do.....Hail Satan???
Bernie isn't going to be the nominee. There are too many regressives in the Democratic Party.The GOP is the enlightened party that will nominate the progressive candidate, Donald Trump, who will institute pro-middle class and pro-lower class tax and healthcare reform after he defeats your Wall-Street stooge and foreign-donor whore, Shillery.
I mean even YOURS TRULY is probably going to vote for Bernie in the Democratic primary (since Donald Trump will easily win South Carolina by about 30 points).LOL at your shit party full of retards that will vote for a detestable, entitled scum-bag over a man who finally gives them a chance to vote for what they claim to believe in.
*ADJUSTS HIPSTER GLASSES WITH INDEX FINGER* "Oh gee, it sure is exhausting being an apologist for our criminal standard-bearer who is clearly a pathological liar and also a terrible human being, but she is entitled to the nomination after alL" *SNIVELS* "And Bernie Sanders' . . . uh . . . perceived weakness with the black vote is . . . problematic. *TAKES HIT FROM INHALER* "It's OK that Hillary is funded by Wall-Street, after all she's progressive enough to lie to me and pretend to be against them"- A beta ass Democrat voting bitch.
I have never listed to a "podcast" in my life and I'll damn sure keep it that way.Bob Seger CD or bust when cruisin' down the highway.EDIT: Greatest song ever written: http://www.lyricsfreak.com/b/bob+se...e_20021922.html======================================When's the next debate? I know it's CNN next month, hopefully sooner rather than later.
Uh, I just googled "Mr Show" and it has Bob Odenkirk??? WTF was I not informed of this before???IMDB says it was on in the 1990s. All I remember from then is Kids in the Hall and In living color. (Obviously SNL too). What the hell channel was this on???
Why would Bernie supporters flock to Biden when they're already not supporting Shillery?Biden has spent the last 8 years being a prop and a stooge for the Obama administration aka friend of the Wall-Street banker at the expense of the Main-Street everyman.
Heh, more like . . . .
I can't wait. It's going to push him to 40% in the polls.LOL at everyone still convinced Trump is going to somehow fail. Embrace the darkness, your fates have been sealed.Chaos will devour us all. You think JEB! can stop Trump? Shillery? Hahahahaha.We're going to look back and laugh at the sheer number of people who couldn't see the truth right in front of their eyes.Donald Trump is going to be the next President of the United States.You leftists always fantasize about "revolution."It's happening right before your very eyes. You don't see it because you convinced yourselves the masses would one day fall in behind you and devour your enemies. The reality is they are coming to devour you. You believed you'd play the part of Lenin or Trotsky. You're playing the part of Marie Antoinette.The natives are restless. They are filing out of the Golden Corral and marching towards your opulent estate - your precious political establishment, you beloved media, your lovingly built Democratic society resting on the pillars of crony capitalism and social welfare table-scraps. All along you thought the GOP would face the guillotine alone. You are her bride. The GOP will at least ride safely in a carriage to the city square to meet its maker. You will ride in the open, and the slobs you claimed to champion, who you condescendingly patted on the head, will spit on you and scream at you as you head to your end.
Trump just bought himself another +10% in the polls with merely seconds of work.This man truly can make America great again.
Still LOLing at all the support for Hillary Clinton. She is neither impressive OR likeable, she is riding the coattails of her husband's name. She rode them into a Senate seat, a 2008 presidential campaign, and then a cabinet position. I didn't vote for BILL Clinton or Obama but I also think on a personal level they seem likeable enough. If they were my neighbors, I wouldn't talk politics with them to avoid arguments, but I'd hang out with them over the grill or over a beer. If Hillary Clinton was my neighbor, I'd turn off the lights and hide behind the couch if I looked out the window and saw her coming my way. You people should be dusting off all your Romney jokes, when speaking she comes off as someone trying to pretend to be a normal human being or trying to pretend to be able to relate to normal human beings.Most people who are not a lock Democrat vote anyway probably do not like her at all.AND on top of it all, she's a phony and a fraud. She's a special interest and foreign interest trollop. AND you have a candidate who actually represents the things you claim to be for.AND you keep talking about your demographic advantage that is continuing to grow re: the electoral college and winning the presidency.WTF would you blow an advantage like that, if you actually believe it exists, by supporting an entitled stiff over someone who actuallu closely represents your views and desires???
WOAH. Sweet Trump Tower AV Sir Tonk.==========================================So, without the latest poll out of Quinnipiac, in the RCP averages now EVERY mianstream GOP candidate is polling in the single digits. Carson is #2 behind Trump at just over 10% on average. How long are the experts going to stick with their Baghdad Bob impression and keep proclaiming that Trump will surely fade in the end because of X, Y, or Z rule of thumb from the VERY small sample size of recent, and relevant for comparison purposes, Presidential primary campaigns???
"I think that our federal government and our federal and local police forces are violent, repressive, and hyper militaristic. A bad thing happened? WELP, WE'D BETTER GIVE ALL OUR GUNS TO THE GOVERNMENT"-An idiot
Rural America is good WhiskeyJuvenile.In fact, all the black Americans suffering from gun violence and dying in Democratic inner city slums whose children are being robbed of a decent education by crummy Democratic inner city schools and teachers should join us out here and enjoy peace, tranquility, opportunity, and the good life. There are probably more guns than people here, and nobody gets shot. Literally all the black kids in my town will go to the same school as my son, since the GOP runs the south now and we don't segregate our children like the Democrats did when they ran the south or like they still do today up north - talking a big game but then sending their kids to some expensive private school AND making sure the kids/families they are segregating themselves from cannot take advantage of that opportunity.Rural America owns.
Bachmann managed a brief second place showing in the polls from July 15th through August 7th 2011, with around a Romney double-digit lead over her.Also she had crazy eyes, whereas Donald Trump has dreamy eyes. And silky golden locks.I don't appreciate the insult, but as a gen Xer I appreciate your use of Voltron and not that hack garbage rip-off "Power Rangers"
Daily reminder that Donald Trump is the most progressive candidate in either major party with a chance to win.Stop dipping your toes in the water and take the plunge. Let go and allow the the darkness to consume you.
Donald Trump will force Wall-Street to pay their "fair share," spit in the face of the chamber of commerce and smack down corporations who are sending jobs overseas and importing foreign laborers to be trained by and take the place of American workers, and institute competent healthcare reforms that take care of those who can't take care of themselves, while smashing the health insurance corporations' regional monopolies that have been protected and strengthened by PPACA.Hillary Clinton will give hand-jobs to the above named institutions.Bernie Sanders will get crushed by this shrill sell-out by 20-30% in most state primaries, and by even larger margins with "Super Delegates."You KNOW what you have to do. Stop denying the truth and just deal with it.Trump 2016 Make America Great Again
How do you get a gang tag?
LOL. Another outsider who just doesn't get it.Comparing Trump to ANY of the 2012 not-Romneys is absurd.Trump is not a not-Bush. He is TRUMP.This guy thinks news coverage explains it? The news is screaming at the top of their lungs that we should all be abandoning him. 24/7, Wall-to-wall, assault on Trump. They've capitulated now that he is a serious threat to win, to maintain some shred of credibility, but they still in the same breath shout that he is not a serious person. When I watch the 6pm nightly news on Fox, in the bottom half of the hour I am subjected to a round table in which Krauthammer and the gang take turns shitting all over Trump and bouncing new theories off the wall about how he will inevitably fade, any day now.And looking with a view from the inside, this guy is a SERIOUS uniter. He is bringing together types of Republican voters that have been at eachothers' throats.Donald Trump is going win the GOP nomination and it won't even be close.
Thank God.The one drawback of finally being back in a small town is the lack of self-checkout lanes. UGH.The sooner they're ALL self-checkout the better.
No sense wasting time on Trump vs. Sanders hypotheticals.Only one party is progressive enough to do their part to give us this match-up, and it ain't the Democrats.Sanders won't be retorting and accusing Trump of cutting out the middle-man, Clinton will be taking JEB!'s place as the Donald's personal punching bag.
Can someone explain to me where $15 comes from?Or am I being WAY too generous in assuming that Democrats would actually have some sort of thought process behind that number instead of pulling it out of their ass.I mean, adjusted for inflation, I think the high point for minimum wage was around $11.xx in today's dollars.Also the poverty line for a family of 4 is $24,250 per year. $12.12 an hour, 40 hours a week, 50 weeks per year = $25,000. $12 = $24,000.What is the significance of $15/hr or $30,000 in income (based on 40 hour weeks & 50 weeks)???If the proposal was $12 an hour, and then pegged to inflation (or even more generously pegged ONLY to inflation of necessities i.e. "food at home," "gasoline," "rent," "home energy," and "medical care," which we do actually separately track) I would support it, even though you really shouldn't be having and supporting a family of 4 on one minimum wage worker's income. There is both historical precedent in that minimum wage has been close to that high in the past adjusted for inflation (and unemployment was low, although members of the labor force being drafted and shipped to Vietnam obviously played some role in that), and a fact based reason - targeting the poverty line for a typical family size for people with kids.$15 seems pulled out of thin air.
Sounds like stimulus to me. Somewhere Paul Krugman smiles and nods approvingly.
Yet another "Donors holding out hope for Mitt" article is linked on Drudge.Do not play with my emotions Matt Drudge.
There is only a single Toxx thread for all candidates? What kind of communist central planning fair housing bullshit is this?I want a choice space in a yooogely luxurious Trump Toxx thread and I don't want any undesirables in the building.
You're a great American.And I'm sure you're not alone.
Are you kidding me?"Illegal immigrant" or "illegal alien" is a term that clearly and succinctly differentiates immigrants/aliens who have not entered the country lawfully from those who have.Crybaby SJWs have spent recent years concern trolling and trying to retroactively paint it as a "dog-whistle" slur.The same morons will do the same thing to "undocumented immigrant/alien" down the road as well.And on, and on, and on....This is a specious argument/comparison. US born citizens cannot be deported to their home country, they're already in it.Whereas foreign criminals can be removed from our borders.
In the VERY UNLIKELY scenario that Joementum is right and Donald Trump inexplicably fades, I will vote for Rubio over JEB! or Scott Walker.I don't see why anyone wouldn't. They're all generic establishment Republican, they're all on the more conservative side of the establishment, and only one of them performed well on the debate stage - Rubio. Also he's likable enough like JEB! but not as much of a limp-wristed pushover, and he comes off tough enough like Walker but not as much of an ass-hole.Also, idiots decide national elections, not people that actually pay attention to politics, policies, etc. Idiots will find the younger, better looking candidate more appealing.
Just as shitty as Hillary Clinton and every GOP candidate not named Rand Paul.It's a shame Rand is such a weird little troll. It's refreshing to have a GOPer who isn't a hawk and a GOPer who is willing to try to make connections and inroads with the black community.
This joke will never not be funny.
Democrats.txt
Well it's a new month and August is in the books. Let's see how that "Donald Trump can't possibly win the general election" theory is doing.June: Clinton +20 vs. TrumpJuly: Clinton +15 vs. TrumpAugust: Clinton +5 vs. TrumpSeptember (so far): Clinton +2 vs. Trump
LOL."I want to thank my good friend Jeb Bush for recognizing my superiority and endorsing my candidacy"
Wrong. We've seen reform thanks to the Democrats. Reform that favors the big Wall Street banks and crushes small competitors.There's only one man who can reign in these paper pushers and make them pay their fair share.Let's make America Great Again my First Coast friend.
Agreed. But despite the gains we have made in the deep south, the Democratic Party down here is not completely dead yet, and you still have the occasional civil rights hating Democrat like Kim Davis that gets elected to state and local offices.We've come a long way and it's no coincidence that things have gotten A LOT better for minorities of all types over the past couple decades vs. most of the 20th century while the GOP has taken more and more control the past couple decades vs. iron-fisted Democratic Party control for most of the 20th century, BUT we still have work to do and will not be finished until every last elected official in the south is a Republican.Hopefully Kim Davis will be the next Democratic Party victim of the GOP's southern take-over.I'm proud of my Republican controlled state finally throwing the Democrats' flag of treason and rebellion in the garbage bin of history. Now it's your turn Kentucky, smash the remaining Democrats in your state once and for all in the name of civil rights.
I don't blame you, the Democratic propaganda machine . . . . err . . . . "Main Stream Media" has been SHOCKINGLY quiet on this point.Maybe that tax-hiking RINO lard-ass Huckabee would be polling higher if he was running in the correct primary. He seems very supportive of this morally bankrupt (redundant, I know) Democratic official.
Sounds about right IMO. Romney pretty much hit the floor, some latinos are actually Republican and they're not going to vote for Hillary or Sanders.This can't possibly be right.Can it???Dare I question Trump magic when it has already smashed through every alleged barrier in its way?!?!?!?
T*m Br*dy has inspired me. He's a great American, a winner, and has the courage to prominently display a "Make America Great Again" hat in his locker for the world to see.I'm buying that hat.
Yep. The Democratic Party in the South was none to pleased with that development.Thankfully the GOP has taken over and is taking down their beloved flag. The flag the Democrats flew as they committed treason and went to war with the U.S. over slavery. The flag the Democrats flew in defeat as they started the KKK and held white power rallies. The flag they flew over state capitols in defiance of the civil rights movement.It's a new century in the American south, a GOP century, and the Democratic Party and the Star and Bars have no place in it.
In 1968 Democrats Humphrey and Wallace won Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi, and Georgia. So much for "Nixon's Southern Strategy." SURPRISE, stupid racists are stupid and still stupidly voted for Democrats and their stupid policies that helped make the South a backwards shit hole from the beginning of this nation through most of the 20th century while they still controlled it.
Nixon lost most of the deep south in 1968, and won states like New Jersey and California. In 1972 he swept basically the entire nation.Reagan swept basically the entire nation in both 80 and 84. Bush in 88 won states like New Jersey, Pennsylvania, California, Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Michigan, Illinois, etc.It literally was not until the 21st century that a GOP president actually relied on the South to win - George W. Bush.Coincidentally it was around this time that Republicans ACTUALLY started taking control of the south at the state level. For example in my state, South Carolina, the GOP takeover took place during the 1990s.Gee, seems that Strom Thurmond switching parties in the 1960s didn't change much. It's almost as if most racist whites stayed Democrats, and it took decades and old people dying and new voters being born in the post-civil rights era to eventually lead to a GOP take over.Democrats remained the majority in the state house of representatives until 1996. That's over 3 decades AFTER strom switched. Democrats remained the majority in the state senate until 2000.
No, you are.I posted above that two separate Democrats won those southern states. You left out the very important fact that Wallace was a Democrat, ran for the Democratic Party nomination for President multiple times, and in the 1968 general election was running as an independent only because his party, the Democratic party, nominated someone else and each party nominates only one candidate for President. In fact, 4 years later in 1972, Wallace again entered the DEMOCRATIC primary for President.In 1968 in a 3 way race, racists across the south stuck with their party and voted for one of their own, Wallace, over a Republican.
A prominent racist Democrat switched parties, and a Republican president most famous for being a corrupt criminal used the Democratic party's racists ranks against it to try and pick off voters. Clearly this all negates the fact that most southern racists remained Democrats and the southern Democratic party continued to control the south in the 1960s, 1970s, 1980s, and into the 1990s while the south remained a racist shit-hole. It also negates the fact that when the GOP FINALLY started actually taking over the south DECADES later as we neared the dawn of the 21st century, things finally started getting better for minorities.No sir, Strom Thurmond bailed on the DNC, and Richard Nixon, a famous weasel, decided to weasel away some Democrat racists by preying on their racism. Therefore the southern GOP are the REAL racists, actual records and actual political control of the south be damned.
Looks like someone is feelin' the Bern
I can't decide which would be more amusing, that sniveling weasel Cruz kissing Trump's ass for over a year only to be snubbed, or the rest of those ass-holes in the Senate, who hate Cruz, dealing with President of the Senate Zodiac Killer for 4-8 years, because you just KNOW he'd take ample opportunity to preside over sessions.Trump has the yoogest ground game of all. The silent majority (weeeee're baaaaaack)
LOL at Joe Biden attending an AFL-CIO event on labor day and blasting all the problems that exist with the economy . . . . after almost 7 years of his administration being in the driver's seat.Yep Joe, inequality sure is growing. The middle class sure is being gutted. The tax code sure isn't fair, even more so after the changes your administration asked for and received. We sure do have a plummeting LFPR being drive by the working aged population, NOT retiring boomers as older Americans participation has been increasing. Labor sure has been gutted by policies that drive jobs overseas and flood the job market that remains here with H1B visa holders and cheap illegal immigrant labor.The economy everywhere outside of Wall-Street sure is shit. Main Street sure is fucked. One might even say perhaps it's time for new leadership and a new direction.
The scandal that could sink JEB! for good:http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/wor...-own-a-gun.htmlShameful. No wonder Trump is clowning him so bad, he really is a beta bitch. How can I, a God fearing REAL American southern MAN be expected to cast a vote for some limp-wristed sissy who doesn't own firearms???JEB!, if you want to win the GOP nomination, it is vital that you never be caught with a live girl, a dead boy, or no gun.
How can these candidates be so out of touch?AR-15 variants are America's most popular semi-automatic rifle and only 2 of 17 candidates appear to own one.This is disturbing.
You knew this one was coming.https://instagram.com/p/7YV_u_mhWB/...realdonaldtrump
If Zodiac Killer isn't man enough to throw aside some political science weasel he isn't man enough to be President. Donald Trump would have told that clown to GTFO of his way before having security personnel drag him away from the scene.
No one ever went broke betting on the stupidity of the American people. Or voter.
"Letting you plebes keep more of your own money caused the financial meltdown. Certainly not housing policy and that housing bubble that just popped. Certainly not the Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999. Nope, it was the *menacingly* BUSH TAX CUTS!!! Well, we're just gonna have to go ahead and tighten your leash again peons. We wise ones who certainly had nothing to do with this calamity are just gonna have to start taking more of your money again so we can fix this mess that was totally everyone elses' fault and not ours"-Every Democrat in late 2008. They won. Handily.
Yeah saying his brother let congress spend to much is complete B.S.The GOP congress was on course to have balanced budgets again had they not been kicked out of power in Jan. 2007, and the only thing preventing balanced budgets from happening sooner was war spending. The last GOP budget before they lost in Nov 2006, the FY 2007 budget, had a deficit of only 160 Billion, down from the 2004 peak of a little over 400 billion. It was Bush's war and he gets the blame for war spending more than congress. No Iraq war, and you at most probably only have 3 or so deficit years in the middle of FY 2002-2007.
Under the 2001 and 2003 tax changes IRS still collected more than enough revenue to continue to produce balanced in the mid 2000s had spending been kept to the same levels, adjusted for inflation, as it was during the actual balanced budget years of 1998-2001. It was primarily because of Iraq War spending.The deficits in the mid 2000s were spending related.I have no clue what your dig about thinking it ending on Jan 1 2007 is in reference to, I was discussing Iraq war spending with President Bush and the GOP congress, not bailout spending with President Bush and the Democratic congress.As for the Trillion+ deficit in Bush's last fiscal year, sorry, lack of the 2001 and 2003 cuts would not have prevented a deficit.
For example take FY 2000, one of our years having a balanced budget, as a base line.FY 2002 first year with a deficit again, and a small one, we spent 107% of what we did in FY2000, adjusted for inflation.2003 - 112%2004 - 117%2005 - 122%2006 - 126%2007 - 127%2008 - 133%2009 - 157%
I feel pretty confident in saying that would be worth at least another 10 point bump for him in the polls.Trumps current ~30% or so level of Republican support is nowhere near the level of rank and file GOPers who hate the establishment and lust for its blood.
The Brady-Trump thing all makes sense now.The Patriots are the Donald Trump of the NFL.
LOL at anyone who watched that and still thinks Trump can't beat stiffs like JEB! or Hillary Clinton.
Walker is going nowhere. Union hatred is part of the establishment's bow down to the Chamber of Commerce platform.Rank and file Republicans do not hate unions, and most only have a problem with public unions since the inevitable result of them is absurd salaries at the tax payers' expense when Democrats, who ostensibly should be negotiating on behalf of the tax payers, are the ones in power and have the conflict of interest of being heavily supported and funded by unions.Your typical GOP voter holds no ill will to blue collar workers or their right to collectively bargain. It's the same fucks who want unfettered immigration and porous borders who do. Thankfully we the people now have a champion, Donald J. Trump, who is smashing the establishment's candidates into a fine powder.
That's all true, but somehow I suspect his answer will be to raise marginal income tax rates, which does absolutely nothing to alleviate wealth inequality.LOWERING ALL the marginal tax rates and eliminating the separate treatment of capital gains and eliminating the shielding of that kinf of income from SS/Medicare taxes is the only tax change that could help.Raising the marginal rates hurts middle and upper class wage earners, does absolutely nothing to rich people, and absolutely nothing for the poor.
Winning hearts and minds one at a time.Why vote for some poor loser hippy senile grandpa kook who regurgitates mindless leftist hyperbole about "AMERICA BEING FOUNDED ON RAYYSISSSM" when you can vote for an Alpha Dog winner who can actually win the election and actually deliver meaningful change.
LOL if you think we're getting mass deportations.Trump's lengthy immigration platform posted on his site is actually quite simple - a strong opening negotiation position in which he asks for literally everything.Clown's like Jeb! ask for almost nothing in the first place because they're pussies who pander, and because they're bought and paid for, and after negotiation he'll end up with what the GOP always gets - absolutely nothing.Non-criminals (other than their immigration crime) aren't getting deported. What we will get though is the real important stuff - curbing visa abuse, using e-verify, securing the border much better and being able to better screen future entrants and prevent unwanted entrants, etc.I can't wait for him to publish his economic/tax policy paper next. I'm hoping for some BIG cuts to marginal income tax rates balanced out by making taxation fairer and ending preferential treatment for wall-street, the same treatment Obama and the democrats have defended in order to hike our marginal income tax rates up again.
Donald Trump is an infinitely more ethical, honest, decent human being than Hillary Clinton.I mean think about that and look in the mirror before you people vote in your primary. Just because Obama is a bad president doesn't mean you have to go the other way and eschew someone with Charisma and someone who seems like a decent human being on a personal level and instead go for a shrill, dishonest, arrogant, entitled, unethical, troll of a woman who anyone in their right mind would hide behind the couch from if they saw her heading towards their front door.
Bill Clinton is the guy everyone at the party gravitates towards.Hillary Clinton is the person everyone who is at the party ACCIDENTALLY forgot to mention the party to.
Wall-Street isn't exactly being that shy about making it clear they'd prefer both Bush AND HILLARY CLINTON to Trump.I'm going to enjoy watching Democratic suckers being good little lemmings and doing mental gymnastics to justify supporting Hillary.Lap dogs.
Inexcusably there still isn't a Trump Toxx thread.Why do you think I'm still slumming it in here with all you undesirables???The Trump Toxx thread will be the most luxurious thread, and the TOXX will serve as a doorman of sorts to keep you riff-raff out.
"Race to the bottom" critiques of a national insurance market don't really hold much weight seeing as how the constitution specifically grants congress the power to regulate interstate commerce.Regional monopolies and oligopolies are bad and it still amuses me greatly that so many Democrats are so insistent upon protecting the cable company model of business for health insurance.It doesn't surprise me of course, they're not just in Wall-Street's pocket. They LOVE insurance corporations too. PPACA sucks for your rank and file Republican voter, but man is it great for insurance companies. The average industry profit margin hovers between 4 and 5%, so the rule requiring them to spend 85% of premiums on coverage is nothing more than propaganda language thrown into the law to give Democrats a tool to falsely claim they're being tough on insurers. The reality is it is MORE than soft enough for them to AT LEAST maintain current levels of profitability. Especially when you consider that the law mandates we all buy their product, while mandating that they only sell us bloated one-size-fits-all policies that are more expensive. And the law provides that if anyone can't pay up because they can't afford it, government will just step in and funnel tax payer money to the insurance corps. via "premium subsidies."It's the Democrats' ultimate legacy of crony capitalism and corporate cronyism. A monument to their corruption. Whisper sweet nothings about how much they care and put on tearful shows of compassion, while in reality their actual plan is nothing more than ripping off and recycling a knee-jerk Heritage Foundation reaction to the even more insane Hillary Care proposals of the early 90s.
T*m Br*dy is a great American and a winner who will do whatever it takes to get the job done.
Not gonna lie, not feeling too great right now.
That was the first time my heart has sunk in fear the dream could die.My wife isn't on the Trump train, but is an MD, and put her hands on her face and just started repeating "No No No" over and over.I was worried Carly was doing really well, but I make my wife watch these things since she's a more typical voter i.e. not a weirdo who obsesses over this stuff like we do. She thinks that Carly is abrasive and off-putting.
Testing the waters this morning, I think Ben Carson is going to be the huge loser after last night. Fiorina is going to eat up some of his support.Trump will probably hold steady.The people who keep wanting to compare to 2012 may be half right. Trump isn't a not-Jeb! candidate, he's the Romney here. Carson, Fiorina, etc. will be the not-Trumps who rise and fall.
Still testing the waters this morning, Zodiac Killer might continue to slowly improve. He might be positioned perfectly between the establishment and the inexperienced outsiders to take advantage and find middle ground.The circles I run in are a small sample, and not perfectly representative of the GOP as a whole, but I'd be willing to bet that both Cruz and Fiorina could surpass Carson in the coming weeks.Cruz just might have been playing this brilliantly all along aligning himself with Trump. I'm seeing some defections from Trump to Cruz. Also the fact that my non-political wife who likes Rubio and does not like Trump thought Cruz greatly improved makes me take pause. After debate #2, she still likes Rubio #1, but said after him she actually likes Cruz now.She's a doctor and knew plenty about Carson coming in and liked him, but after the second debate now she thinks he just doesn't have what it takes.She's also the type of person you'd think JEB! would be able to appeal to --- not political or hard-core, not white, highly educated, etc. She thought he didn't do any better last night than in the first debate and that he just isn't strong enough. She was even less impressed the second time around with Jeb! light, John Kasich, and thought the most memorable thing about him is "he always looks like he's about to cry" LOL.
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/positi...mendment-rights"NATIONAL RIGHT TO CARRY. The right of self-defense doesn’t stop at the end of your driveway. That’s why I have a concealed carry permit and why tens of millions of Americans do too. That permit should be valid in all 50 states. A driver’s license works in every state, so it’s common sense that a concealed carry permit should work in every state. If we can do that for driving – which is a privilege, not a right – then surely we can do that for concealed carry, which is a right, not a privilege."YESSSSSSS.Based on this and immigration, it's a pretty good bet that he's going to swing for the fences on tax cuts too.I eagerly await his tax plan and some sweet, sweet tax cuts.Donald Trump gets it. The candidate who cuts the shit out of my taxes, forces all the Democratic shit-holes in this country to honor my carry permit, and boldly tells everyone who has a problem with it that they're stupid is the candidate who will get my vote.
"Well regulated" did not mean subject to heavy government regulation. It mean well prepared, well armed, etc.Of course this isn't really all that important, the word "militia" in the prefatory clause is.The word "militia" has essentially been rendered meaningless by the 14th amendment and anti-discrimination laws, because it now excludes no one."Militia" as used in 2A referred not to the national guard (which did not exist) but rather the militia comprised of the ordinary citizenry.Legally, it was defined as being a specific subset of the population - males between a certain age range.Today the militia would include women and adults of any age with the passage of the 14th amendment and ant-discrimination laws.So even if you subscribe to the completely incorrect idea that the prefatory clause is controlling rather than simply an informative statement about why the right is so vital, that controlling clause would only be useful for insisting that literally all of us (since we all are members of the militia), or at least any of us who willingly choose to exercise the right, are well trained and well prepared to use that right. I for one would welcome this, we really should teach our school children proper handling, care, use, and respect of firearms.
Newsflash: Donald Trump refusing to white knight Islam and painstakingly remind everyone that some Muslims are not barbarians isn't going to hurt his standing.Not only in the GOP primary, but even in the general election.Political correctness means jack-shit in the privacy of the voting booth.
LOL at the age demographics. The same people who have melt-downs over "trigger" words and any perceived verbal slight, who rage against the alleged privilege and alleged transgressions of white males, somehow don't have a very negative view of literal barbarism and denial of basic human rights to all women, all homosexuals, all-non Muslims, basically anyone and everyone who isn't a male heterosexual Muslim.
No. Islam is a problem, there are plenty of individual Muslims who reject violence and live in this county and abide by our laws, customs, and culture.
Jesus never took from others to give away.He gave of his own free will and asked others to exercise their free will.Jesus, Ron Paul, same thing.(THIS IS A JOKE BTW I DO NOT LIKE RON PAUL OR BELIEVE THAT POORS SHOULD DIE IN THE ER WAITING ROOM)
CAIR apparently demanding that Ben Carson withdraw from the race.http://www.marketwatch.com/story/ca...ents-2015-09-20This is bad news for Fiorina, good news for Carson, and great news for Trump. It was looking like Fiorina might just siphon away Carson voters and suffocate his campaign. And as long as they're both competitive, they will keep each other from catching Trump.Also a violation of CAIR's 501(c)(3) tax exempt-status, but that's a minor detail with the Obama administration in office since they're not a Republican or Conservative 501(c)(3).
Walker today, Bush tomorrow, Clinton next November.All will wilt in the glow of the bright light of Donald J. Trump.The silent majority is back, an no bought-and-paid for shills, Democrat or Republican, will stop us from making America Great Again.Choo-choo!!!
It was pretty interesting listening to Colbert's audience when Trump reaffirmed wanting to deport all illegals.A few brave souls clapping or cheering, even fewer "oooooooo"s or disapproving groans, and the vast majority of the audience silent. A "silent majority" if you will.Remember friends, no one has to worry about being politically correct in the privacy of the voting booth as they cast their secret ballot.
South Park just did an episode where Canadian Donald Trump became President of Canada, built a huge border wall, and ruled from atop his luxurious escalator filled tower.It was beautiful.
Clinton vs. Trump:June: Clinton + 20.5%July: Clinton + 14.8%August: Clinton + 4.25%September: Clinton + 2.83%http://www.realclearpolitics.com/ep...5491.html#pollsYour latest Maginot Line won't stop Trump. Keep moving the goalposts, and keep watching him charge past.It's funny watching leftists laugh at the GOP and tease them for "creating a monster" that they cannot control.Look in the mirror. You've done the same thing. You've created an electorate of boobs, and Trump will turn them against you. Nothing you can say or do, no candidate you can put forth, no policy or enticing handout you can propose will be able to detract from the brilliant luster of this golden coiffed mad-man. The 2016 election for President of the United States of America is a TV Reality show brought to life, on the biggest stage, drawing the biggest TV audiences, and wildly entertaining to the biggest drooling idiots in America.Obama, Kerry, Gore, Clinton, etc. - they ALL won the uneducated and low income vote HANDILY. The reality is that America's trailer trash isn't voting GOP, they've been voting for you. Trump will steal your true base, your true source of power, away from you. You've created a monster - a tidal wave of ignorant voters. They often did the country a favor and sat at home, and refrained from cancelling out intelligent and thinking peoples' votes. But you wanted to WIN. You tirelessly devoted money, resources, and labor to driving these people to the polls, turning them into active participants in the political process despite the complete uselessness of their uninformed opinions. You didn't care if they brought the country down to their level, as long as you got to run the hell-hole they created.But you made a grave mistake. You assumed you'd always have them in chains. You assumed they'd never escape your plantation, and would perpetually respond to your condescending pats on the head and table scraps with their votes. But along came Donald J. Trump. A golden idol to stupid people everywhere. They will follow him into the abyss, and you cannot possibly hope to wrench away their attention or appeal to their pathetic minds.YOU have created the golem, and Donald J. Trump has tamed it and will ride it to your destruction.
And that is all that is needed to win.1996-2012, last 5 POTUS elections, voters with no high school diploma - 60% to the Democrat on average.LOL if you don't think Donald Trump is going to kill it with high school dropouts.
The problem isn't the wall, it's stupid leaders.The French are a great people. Wonderful pastries. But let's be honest, when it comes to fortifications, they're losers. The Maginot line? A complete joke.Trump's border wall will be impenetrable. It's going to be huge, it's going to be done right and under budget and ahead of schedule.
The war against the GOP successfully marches on. Another great day for conservatives. Bury Boehner's corpse next to his loyal lackey Cantor.Your days of hiking our taxes, taking our money, and funding baby butcher shops are soon coming to an end.After we've dispatched the collaborators in our midst, we'll turn our sights on you.
It's going to be glorious watching you liberals wrestle with your emotions.Which will win out, your desire for a President that is TRULY a man of the people, a President who will actually improve healthcare, and President who will actually shift the tax burden to the banksters and Wall-Street day traders, OR your insane cult-like devotion to political correctness and cultural suicide.In the end I'm still convinced most of you are lemmings and sell-outs and will vote for Hillary Clinton and more horrific foreign policy, more marginal income tax hikes while the banksters continue to enjoy preferential treatment, and more allegedly tough regulation that really does nothing but strangle small business and banks and further empower the 1%.The powers that be have literally made it known that they want Jeb! or Clinton. But that won't get in the way of good little foot soldiers doing their duty and receiving their pat on the head.
YESSSS.Just ran the numbers, our tax bill would literally be cut by 1/3 under this plan even if I assume we get NO deductions, exemptions, credits, etc. of ANY kind and these new rates would just apply to all of our income.MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN GOD BLESS DONALD TRUMP AND KEEP HIM SAFER FROM HARM
Yep.I've been playing around with different scenarios, but basically for anyone who actually had tax liability under the current rates, Trump's plan generates between a 40-50% reduction in your total federal tax bill (income tax PLUS payroll tax) up to around median income. (Mostly because your income tax goes to $0 and you only pay your SS and Medicare taxes). After that the reduction in taxes slowly declines. My wife and I would see our total federal tax bill reduced by about 30%. A couple each making a $100K would only see a reduction of about 20% in their tax bill.Also it's AMAZING for middle class retirees. The LTCG and Dividends tax rate is 0% up to $50,000 in income for a single filer or $100,000 for joint filers.As a patriotic American, I am 100% okay with my elders getting a bigger tax cut than me, and 100% okay with the lower middle class getting a much larger tax cut than me.Today is a great day for America. Trump 2016, Make America Great Again by Making Our Wallets Fat Again.I'm going to write "I WIN" in red sharpie at the top of the first page of our 1040 for the first tax year in which Lord President Trump's tax plan is in effect.
Democrats.txt
Sean Hannity is EXCITED about poor people and lower middle class people not having to pay taxes.Thank you Donald Trump for converting hearts and minds.Cutting the taxes of those of us who actually pay a lot of taxes isn't enough. We need to cut the number of people the government sinks its teeth into. Mitt Romney spoke of 47% not paying taxes as a bad thing. I call it a good start.
This is really interesting. You can almost see how without the 9/11 and "War on Terror" bump, Bush and Obama would have mirrored one another.YESSSSSS.This is what I have been waiting for. There is no excuse for the GOP not to steal away white blue collar Yankees from the party that espouses hate for and blames all of society's ills on white people.
Cruz is definitely NOT viewed by us as establishment.He's only technically not an outsider.Cruz is on the Trump/Carson/Fiorina side of the GOP field. EVERY SINGLE Cruz supporter I have talked to views Carson or Trump as their second choice and usually prefers Cruz over Carson because they view him as not experienced enough or Trump as not conservative enough to be their first choice over Cruz. EVERY SINGLE one would be completely fine for voting for either if they win, hopefully with Cruz as their VP in their minds.I can't stand Cruz but I also hope he is Trump's VP choice because pretty much everyone in the Senate is human garbage so fuck 'em they deserve to have the man they hate serve as Senate President.
LFPR is at a near 4 decade low.3 straight months of job growth for immigrants and job decline for those born in the USA.Jeb! and Rubio are just 2 out of touch fossils who are nearly indistinguishable from Hillary Clinton when it comes to our border, our immigration policy, and the plight of the blue collar worker and the American middle class. I'm sure the political elites and the media morons will be highly entertained by this cripple fight for second place.Meanwhile Donald Trump continues to bypass the establishment and take his message directly to us, the American people.
Yep. One was interviewed last night on the Factor. Wanted to make his way to the epicenter to see if he could help, but in the meantime he and his fellow students he was with came into contact with some form of authority (wasn't clear from his remarks if it was police or school officials) who instructed them to be locked down in an area. They complied, and also the gentleman commented that it is possible they may have been a hindrance rather than a help depending on their approach and where the shooter would have been by the time they arrived.i.e. the typical responsible permit holder exercising his second amendment rights and causing ZERO problems, so I am pretty damn sure no one other than FOX is ever going to interview him since the other media outlets are 100% in the tank for Democrats and 100% in the tank for the crusade against the Bill of Rights.
Oh look, this tired and false talking point that retirees and students are driving the decline and everything is fine that I definitely have not seen over and over and over again.The current participation rate among working aged Americans specifically, aged 25-54 i.e. excluding older Americans and typical college undergraduate AND graduate students, is also down and at over a 3 decade low.But thanks for playing.
We're not done yet. Before his time in office is done, Obama will validate his Jimmy Carter comparisons on the right and Obamanomics will send us all the way back to the 1970s.RECOVERY!!!
Applying his loser mentality and stupidity to jobs.President Trump will be great at the economy. It's WHAT HE DOES. Things will be so great your head will spin.
*Sigh*"Stereotype" posted the civilian labor force participation rate of foreign born persons. Which is something different.I posted "three straight months of job growth for immigrants" which is true:http://beta.bls.gov/dataViewer/view...ies/LNU02073395
AAAAHHHHHHHHH
Bad news JEB!Donald hasn't even started fighting for the GOP nomination yet. But he's about to.http://www.washingtonpost.com/polit...4f92_story.html
Can't believe no one has done this one yet:
My wife and I both really like him.We probably wouldn't vote for him if the primary were today, due to reservations about his knowledge and preparation to be POTUS (look at what we got with the current unqualified clown) but we really like the guy.I could easily see myself ditching Trump and her ditching Rubio for Carson if he would follow in Trump's footsteps and simply hire people or associated with GOP politicians to help him craft policy positions and a clear plan for major issues.Every time we see the guy he just screams "truly decent human being"
From that Washington Post Article:"Trump’s campaign headquarters is on the fifth floor of Trump Tower . . . The main room is a showcase for Trump’s penchant for boastful teasing: a “wall of shame” features downcast photos of the two candidates who have dropped out, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Texas governor Rick Perry . . ."
Does JEB! secretly WANT Donald Trump to be President or is he literally the biggest fucking retard moron on the face of the earth?Unbelievable. Oh well, although he doesn't need any help, I'm glad JEB! is so willing to continue to make Donald Trump look good.Definitely not surprised with CNN. Par for the course. Their GOP debate was a sham, purposefully ignoring the economy and the issues that really matter so the GOP would waste 3 hours not being able to speak to a national audience about them. Their Democratic debate tonight will be an equal farce, tailored to make the Democratic party look good.It's OK though. Let the carnies continue to have their fun in blissful ignorance of the reality and inevitability of a Trump presidency.
The GOP is looking good after the clown shoe Democrat debate.
LOL. President Hope and Change followed up by Presidential nominee Bill Clinton's wife.
Holy shit he actually did it.He actually hit Jeb! "My brother kept us safe" Bush with a 9/11 burn.LMFAO.The general election cannot get here fast enough. I can't wait to watch Trump dig his teeth into that arrogant, entitled, incompetent brat Hillary Clinton
Friendly reminder that anyone who votes for Hillary over Trump in the general is a 1% supporter and stooge for Wall-Street.Jaime Dimon thanks you for your service plebes.
Be happy that he has a 50/50 shot to see the guy (Carson) who polls best in general head-to-head match-ups win the nomination???http://www.realclearpolitics.com/ep...inton-5119.htmlSome folks here a while back took issue with me calling Dr. Carson a "decent human being"Well, far left ideologues don't represent the general public, who seem to agree with me on Dr. Carson. People like the guy A LOT.A 5 and half point lead for Dr. Carson over Clinton, and thats with only polls of REGISTERED voters, which favor Democrats more than polls of likely voters.http://fivethirtyeight.com/features...rate-democrats/In addition to performing best against her in the national polling average on RCP, in some recent swing state polls he also performs best against her. +4 (PPP) and +9 (Quinnipiac) in Pennsylvania. +6 in Virginia (CNU). +9 in Ohio (Quinnipiac).
http://www.realclearpolitics.com/ep...5491.html#pollsJune Polls: Clinton +20.5%July Polls: Clinton +14.8%August Polls: Clinton +6.0%September Polls: Clinton +2.3%October (so far) Polls: Trump +2.5%Trump improves against Clinton by 5.85% per month on average.At this rate, by the time Election Day November 2016 rolls around, Trump will have the support of ~2/3 or 66% of the voters and win the presidency in a landslide.
What filthy, low-down, slanderizin' son-of-a-bitch started a rumor that I supported Huntsman?????I supported the leader of the civilizing forces, until Mitt Romney opened my eyes and asserted himself as the true Alpha in the Florida debate.Huntsman? What a joke. Huntsman makes even that beta bitch Jeb! look like a man's man.
I've been lamenting to myself at how seemingly impossible it would be to primary my GOP rep, who is literally most known for screaming "YOU LIE" at President Obama in the middle of the SOTU address. Hardly someone that can credibly be painted as a RINO.Maybe it COULD be done by a candidate who proudly hitched his wagon to Trump and slammed the incumbent for being in bed with JEB! and the rest of the GOP establishment.
I'm not listening to Rush, but based on what people posted above, he apparently is mad at Trump for slamming Jeb! over 9/11.I disagree. Jeb! brought it up and opened the door, perfectly valid for his opponent to throw the jab if he's going to expose himself. This ain't a fuckin' charity.
That would make a great thread title. 2016 Republican Primary: This ain't a fuckin' charity.
Hate to break it to you comrade, but Bernie is at least honest about the fact that there aren't enough rich people to pay for all of his proposed goodies and that he'll raise taxes on EVERYONE.http://www.breitbart.com/video/2015...d-family-leave/
Good. Smashing the corpse of the JEB! campaign with baseball bats can only entertain for so long. We, the people, need fresh meat.Let all of the cockroaches scurry into the light so we can stomp on them and purge our party of the open borders, amnesty, Chamber of Commerce cock sucking scum.
LOL at libs still suffering under the delusion that Hillary Clinton and/or the general election season will somehow prove to be Trump Kryptonite.Donald Trump is going to give Shillary the JEB! treatment, and it isn't even going to be difficult. Hell, it'll be worse for her because Trump is getting MONTHS of batting practice in on JEB!Wall Street is fine with Jeb! or Hillary for a reason - there ain't much difference.
We already have polling data on general election match-ups that also show the same trajectory for Trump as he has followed in the GOP primary. For some reason, Hillary supporters keep ignoring that.
Hillary Clinton is a light-weight compared to JEB! JEB! at least has a successful and impressive track record in government. Clinton got a Senate seat because of who she married and the last name she took, ditto a position as Sec. of State where she promptly proceeded to shit her pants. Trump's "Worst Secretary of State ever" blast may be a slight exaggeration, but it's not too far from the truth. I mean, if you scour the history of the post, you can find a couple who were worse. But you sure as hell can find many who were far more competent. And I'm not even factoring in the transparently political BENGHAZI witch-hunt.Just LOL at anyone thinking she's tougher or smarter than JEB! and can withstand the blinding light of Trump."WHAT DO YOU MEAN, LIKE WITH A CLOTH OR SOMETHING?"Ha. Ha. Ha.JEB! may be constantly slamming his own dick in the door, but at least he isn't fucking stupid enough to torpedo his own campaign the way Hillary Clinton has done. She can cry vast-right wing conspiracy all she wants, the GOP doesn't control the FBI and her troubles all stem from HER OWN incompetence and stupidity.Never-mind her horrific beliefs and policy stances, never-mind that she's a bought-and-paid for shill just like JEB!Trump WILL be able to crucify her in exactly the same way he has done to JEB!This primary cannot end soon enough. I'm ready for the main course.
LOL the Democrat who isn't a joke or a criminal and could actually win decided not to run.We're only a little over a year away from President Elect Donald J. Trump.
What bullshit threshold are they using that's allowing all 10 of these people on stage AGAIN???The adult table debate should be the Top 6, which are pretty clear. #s 7-10 are within the MOE.
Ugh. Those 3 and Huckabee need to GO.And I like Christie. But he, along with the other 3, are simply wasting space and speaking time. They're not contenders.Oh well, I guess the positive is that from a Trump P.O.V., the more the merrier. Large field helps him and hurts Bush, Rubio, etc. Kasich and Christie sure as hell aren't going to siphon away Trump or Carson voters.
Jeb! and Hillary are Lex Luthor, Trump is Superman, and there is no kryptonite to be found.
I don't do things like read comic books or watch 11 hours of hearings in order to white-knight Wall-Street stooge Hillary Clinton on the internet because I'm not a loser like JEB! or Mom's basement dwelling Bernie supporters.
I'm sure most of you already read that commie rag HuffPo, but in case anyone doesn't I discovered they have a poll tracking feature that is MUCH better than RCP because you can pick and choose which polls to use in order to unskew the data and get a TRUE picture of the horse-rase.Non-Partisan Polls Only (No candidate-sponsored or partisan polls)Registered and Likely Voter Polls Only (No polls of just "adults")Republican respondents only (No independents or filthy democrats)http://elections.huffingtonpost.com...aul,Rubio,TrumpTrump has regained momentum and once again eclipsed 30% support.CHOO-CHOO!!!
It's cool bro.I live in my wife's house.
A halfway decent team might go unbeaten in the B1G? SHOCKING.Iowa would be 0-7 in the SEC right now. ROLL TIDE PAWWWLLL
Breitbart: EMERGENCY ROYAL FAMILY MEETING: JEB TO MEET WITH FORMER PRESIDENTS BUSH 41, BUSH 43 IN HOUSTON AS CAMPAIGN STRUGGLEShttp://www.breitbart.com/big-govern...aign-struggles/Hahahahaha. Lord President Trump's War against the Bush machine is almost complete. The long, bloody retreat to Berlin is finished, and it's only a matter of time now.And it took only a couple of months, far less time than Trump will have to destroy the Clinton machine.
You guys don't have to be jealous. You don't have to stand outside with your little liberal noses pressed against the glass.So your garbage party for garbage people is going to nominate a garbage candidate and throw a perfectly good Bernie Sanders into the garbage bin of history.IT'S OK. Come into the light. Sit by the fire. You can still vote for REAL change and for a REAL human being who represents REAL people and not special interests or Wall-Street masters.There is room for all in the warm embrace of Trump. All can find safe harbor from the stormy seas under his golden locks.Make America Great Again.
YESSS. Trump bringing up 9/11, his book from 2000, "my brother kept us safe," etc.
Hahahahaha.Trump on Bush and 9/11 - "The buck stops here"
"We need a special leader"
Trump knows the polls are skewed too.Bet you guys feel pretty stupid now.
Eye for an eye, bring back waterboarding.
What a transition from Berghdal to the 2nd amendment.Hillary Clinton's stale, grating, shrill act cannot hold a candle to Trump.
Maryland and Rutgers are trash football programs.They were MADE for the B1G.It's too bad Ohio doesn't make sense as an SEC state. Ohio State would fit right in, whereas they're really out of place in that conference. Oh well, when the final push to 4 power conferences of 16 teams takes place, the SEC can poach Texas and Oklahoma, Or tell them to get fucked and poach whoever we damn well please. Not Clemson though, fuck 'em.
Republican Politics, Guns, and SEC FOOTBAW are my Holy Trinity. Nothing else matters.
SEC is (293-144-10) against ACCSEC is (83-69-6) against Big XIISEC is (84-57-2) against B1GSEC is (69-40-5) against PAC 12http://mcubed.net/ncaaf/tvc/sec/index.shtmlJEB! and his blatant ripping off of the SEC logo can go to hell. The SEC is for WINNERS. The SEC is the Donald Trump of College Football.
I am relieved that the Obama Dept. of Justice has determined that the Obama Internal Revenue Service did nothing wrong and no charges will be forthcoming.Thank God for the most transparent, honest, and ethical Obama administration.I hope Trump brings this bull-shit up.
Keep enjoying Trump's destruction of JEB!It's great fun.Just be aware that Hillary is next. I can't wait.
He's not even President yet and Trump is already ACTUALLY helping middle class America and blue collar workers.As opposed to Hillary "She's just as palatable as Jeb Bush to us on Wall-Street" Clinton whose out there yammering about a bunch of free crap that the middle class will ultimately get bent over the barrel to pay for and certainly not her rich Wall-Street buddies who aren't impacted by the marginal income tax rates she'll hike on losers like Doctors and small business owners who don't add value to our society like her paper-pusher and money changer friends.
This is actually a really good idea.
Just wait until the light-bulb goes off in their tiny little liberal pea-brains and the ratings potential of a Trump PRESIDENCY dawns on them.
And so it begins.Enjoying my morning coffee right now with a pleasant surprise - watching NBC's today show, Donald Trump Town Hall edition.Mwa-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.All the pleasant, well dressed, mom-ish female audience members asking Trump questions and complimenting him is a nice touch.Matt Lauer is interjecting from time to time trying to play the part of serious/critical journalist, and of course making Trump look good when he steamrolls over him without a beat,THANKS NBC!!!
WOAH
It was a lot like 2012, except that the Reagan administration competently dealt with the crippling economy and recession it faced from the get-go so he won in a land-slide, as opposed to the Obama administration which won, but lost ground from 2008, on the strength of incompetent economic policy and falling back on fear-mongering "war on women" crap. Reagan was able to run on his economic record, Obama after getting smashed by Romney in the 1st debate which was the economy debate had to pivot the next day to campaigning on WOMEN'S HEALTH. To his credit and Romney's discredit it actually worked. The GOP royally fucked up a gimme in 2012 with major national candidates feeding right into the war on women crap with "legitimate rape" comments.
I'm not really worried about Carson's surge. Unlike Trump, Carson doesn't actually have any logical and concrete policy positions or proposals. Also he doesn't have the infrastructure and ground game. He's basically reminding me of Newt Gingrich from 2012. The break for a book tour is pretty revealing.Trump may be an outsider and may not bow to political correctness or GOP special interest dogma, but he IS also actually doing the things actual serious candidates do when it comes to hiring staff for a legitimate ground game state-to-state, consulting with experts to come up with policy (whether or not you agree with the policy proposals), etc.If Rubio or Bush surge, THEN I'll panic. As it stands, Carson could pull even in the polls and win the Iowa caucus, but it looks like Trump will easily carry the first few primaries. That will pretty much seal the deal.
Smoothrich, I REALLY like Ben Carson on a personal level but he, to this point at least, is not running a serious campaign or making serious proposals.A 10% flat tax based on the principle of tithing is not a serious proposal. Nor is it something that congress would even vote on much less pass into law in a million years.Getting rid of Medicare entirely and replacing it with HSAs is not a serious proposal. Nor is it something that congress would even vote on much less pass into law in a million years.Shutting down your presidential campaign to go on book tour is not a move serious campaigns make.
Exactly the springboard Trump needs to hit a new high in support.He's going to clean everyone's clock.Forget his personal wealth and businesses, he's the only one out there actually looking out for the economic fortunes of the American worker.
I wouldn't be surprised if their is a "Trump effect" in human polling and he scores artificially low.Like there is NO WAY IN HELL I am actually going to ever let any of my neighbors know I'm voting Trump. Or even strangers.
Old white people.
I would legit start a conversation with someone in Bernie gear.Although I disagree with them, at least they have principles and aren't rubes voting for the Wall-Street owned female version of JEB!
Listening to Colin Cowherd right now.He's calling for a Trump channel during debates that just keeps a camera focused on him at all times.I can get behind this.
Someone has to speculate in penny stocks.
This guy gets it.We're not liberals. We don't celebrate weakness and we don't view testosterone deficiency as being hip or cool.Might makes right, beta bitches and actual bitches get the fuck out of the way.
WTF is this crap? This is like something that would get you laughed out of a business school class, and believe me, business school is a joke (except for Wharton where Trump went, it's great and so is Trump).If some goober presented this to me I wouldn't give 'em a nickle. That is some 4th grade quality crap.
Join us.MY BEAUTIFUL TRUMP AVATAR KEEPS DISAPPEARING AAAAHHHHHHHH
The RNC is absolutely right in telling NBC to piss off.Wake me when a MSM moderator accuses Bernie of running a circus campaign. Dude is promising all sorts of "free" shit and laughably pretending that it won't necessitate an enormous increase in the tax burden on the middle class and the working class.NBC is a joke. The Democrats run EVERY SINGLE ONE of their debates in friendly territory, why shouldn't the GOP even the playing field and run every debate on FNC and FBC???CNN and NBC are overwhelmingly run by and staffed with Democrats.
Chris Christie could be an alternative.I don't get why the GOP is making such a big deal out of his sins like bridge-gate. Are you kidding me? Guy won't be running in a vacuum, he'll be running against a grating habitual liar with WAY worse skeletons in her closet, and against the record of an out-and-out criminal administration that has made bridge gate look like nothing with their political abuse via the IRS and the Justice Department.
July, August, September, October.Trump has been the GOP front-runner for 4 FULL MONTHS now.He is the chosen one.http://elections.huffingtonpost.com...estimate=custom
By all means JEB!, take down Trump's next potential competitor. Complete your journey from presumed nominee to Trump's personal pet.
If Trump still hasn't worn the white hat with luxurious gold trim letters by Thanksgiving, I'll go ahead and just buy the red Trump hat when I'm doing my online Black Friday shopping.I really like the white one with gold letters, but he hasn't worn it and only a fool would buy a hat Trump hasn't actually worn.Someone should twitter at him and tell him to wear the white and gold one because only gold is fitting for his greatness.
How does twitter work? Would he actually see a twitter from someone with no followers?I do have an account I use to follow beat writers for the teams I follow.
Sadly it was the white one with black letters.
I don't really GAF about Israel, but the Muslims sure seem to, so......
I say this about every college football season and every Presidential election cycle. It is never true. NEVER.We were created by a loving God and I can assure you all that the future is always hilariously more fucked up than the present.
I'm more excited about the north central states and rust-belt states like Michigan. Along comes pro-Union pro-American labor anti-unfettered free trade anti-outsourcing Trump.Trump's campaign has been brilliantly managed, hopefully they keep it up and he makes sure to slam Scott Walker while he's campaigning up there.
Wall Street demands Jeb! or Hillary, that's how.Don't ask questions peon, be thankful for what Jaime Dimon trickles down on you and vote Bush/Clinton.
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?!?!?!?!One poll with Carson in the lead is fine, but multiple polls???YOU'VE HAD YOUR FUN EVANGELICALS. It's time to get serious now and get back on board the Trump train.DON'T SCREW THIS UP
This Wall-Street Journal Poll cannot be trusted. 400 respondents, are you kidding me? Not to mention the fact that it's the WALL-STREET journal. Of course they want to take down Trump, Hillary is their candidate of choice.
These polls are skewed. This is bull-shit.I know now what I must do.
The amount of people in this thread that STILL haven't come to grips with this reality is amazing.
Welcome home brother.
The stage is set for a Trump landslide.That billionaire Wall-Street gun-grabbing shit-heel Bloomberg dumped MILLIONS into Virginia to try and turn 2 senate seats for McAuliffe. The voters of Virginia, a swing state that went twice for Obama, rejected Wall-Street influence and refused to have the wool pulled over their eyes and their constitutional rights trampled by special interests.It's a preview for 2016. The silent majority is awake, and we will not bow down to the agenda of Wall-Street nor their puppet candidates, like Bush and Clinton.We are going to take our country back. God Bless.
Christie and Huckabee out while Paul and Kasich remain? All 4 should be gone IMO, but it should be the other way around if only 2 are bumped. Hell, I just checked Huffpo and filtered out the partisan polls and polls of adults and not voters, and Fiorina is under 3% too. Why do these networks keep choosing criteria that overcrowd the stage and create a worse product??? Losers IMO, they should sell to Trump.And no Graham in the undercard is a travesty. Christie, Huckabee, Graham, and Santorum would be a good undercard. Who are these crazed weirdos who like Bobby Jindal???
As if some filthy papist is any match for a God-fearing protestant....
LOL at anyone who listens to Maddow. Left-wing Hannity, Rush, whatever who will flat out lie to mislead her rube sycophants.Fox didn't pick and chose the IBD poll over the NYT, the IBD poll was one of the 4 most recent ones and the NYT/CBS poll was not.http://www.realclearpolitics.com/ep...ation-3823.htmlI'd prefer Graham over Jindal all day, but FOX said repeatedly 4 most recent polls and WELP IBD was the 4th most recent, and CBS/NYT the 5th.
Woah, I'm going to need some links. I thought the story was that Carson tried to stab a dude when he was young. Is someone alleging he attacked his mother???
That was stand-up of her.Also am I weird for thinking she's hot? Obviously her garbage politics are a turn-off, but otherwise....
It seems like trying to stab a guy would be probably one of your most vivid life memories and not something you would forget major details about, like, I don't know, WHO you tried to stab.
What an absurd waste of money.In one of my brilliant dinner-table rants at my wife about perverts trying to get into girls bathrooms and locker rooms, I came up with a far more practical solution: The dong test. If you get your dong cut off, turned inside out, whatever the hell it is they do, you get to use the ladies room. You're definitely not a fake and you definitely can't come back from crossing that line. If you still have a dong, you are assumed a potential perv and must use male facilities.(USER WAS PUT ON PROBATION FOR THIS POST)
I believe my friends on the left would refer to this as a "common sense solution"
I love this country so much it hurts.
Good news everyone, a Carson collapse means a bigger lead for Trump and a greater likelihood of Vice President Zodiac Killer!!!
I honestly thought Trump's campaign ads would be filtered and watered-down.Forgive me Lord President Trump for my lack of faith.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=561CdWwpTeM"... building a wall on our southern border. And he WILL make Mexico pay for it ...""... Donald Trump will ... brutally and quickly cut the head off of ISIS ..."
Is this the real life?Is this just fantasy?Caught in a landslide,No escape from reality.Open your eyes,Look up to the skies and see,Trump's just a rich man, he needs no sympathy,Because he's easy come, easy go,Little high, little low,Anyway political winds blow doesn't really matter to him, to himDonald just killed PC,Put a gun against it's head,Pulled the trigger, now it's dead....
I don't get inundated with fantasy football and boner pill ads because unlike you sheep I watch a fair and balanced news network, FOX.The commercials I watch are actually informative and beneficial. I sleep soundly at night knowing my wealth is protected courtesy of all the gold coins I have purchased from Rosland Capital, that my retirement income is set for life thanks to JD Mellberg Annuity strategies, and that my reverse mortgage is allowing me to use ALL of the equity in my home while I'm still living in it!!!
Trump's tax plan isn't absurd. Letting the Boosted_C5 household keep A LOT more of our money is great tax plan.5 Stars, will vote Trump in 2016.
SNL is going to need a really good fence around the place. These people are good at sneaking into places.
I watched SNL last week with my wife for the first time in years.It was terrible. It was a recent re-run, and there was a skit with Hillary Clinton and she was literally more funny than the SNL actress portraying her despite being her usually Romneyesque pretending to be human self.Weekend update, which was my favorite in years past, was truly awful. The people doing it have zero talent. I can't believe I ever complained angrily about Colin Quinn, Colin Quinn is a comedy genius compared to these losers. Good thing Trump will be there to carry their water.
Holy shit Larry David as Bernie.
What in the ever loving fuck is this???I don't get modern "music"
SNL is not very good, but I watched the whole show last night after the Alabama -LSU game ended.It was great watching our next President cut lose and Dad dance. Also he showed his true character and compassion by not making fun of their mentally disabled music guest weirdo even once.
Get a load of this dork."HURF DURF Quantum Newtonian gobbeldey gook confusing words BLAH BLAH BLAH"ACTUAL intelligent people, like the GREATEST pediatric neurosurgeon in the history of the world, DOCTOR Ben Carson, don't talk like this.They don't feel they need to fake intelligence and instead speak directly to the worldly intelligence of the American people.
This.Anyone still not taking Trump seriously either isn't paying attention or is a blind partisan regurgitating the talking point that he's not a serious candidate.He's an INCREDIBLY serious candidate and continues to demonstrate just how cunning, intelligent, and adaptable he is.
YESSSSS.And so it begins.JEB!'s destruction is complete, and now our hero is turning his sights on the ultimate evil, the ultimate Wall-Street shill, the ultimate lobbyist stooge - Hillary Clinton.http://www.breitbart.com/big-govern...ay-out-of-jail/
Eh, I'm a Christmas FANATIC, but I don't really GAF how other people celebrate it as long as they're not millenial crybabies who complain about public/business Christmas decorations, promotion, etc.I cannot overstate how obsessed I am with Christmas. AS SOON as Thanksgiving dinner is in my belly, I give myself the green-light to once again take up arms against the WAR ON CHRISTMAS and the battle does not end until the morning after the College Football champion is determined, which thankfully keeps getting pushed further and further after New Years giving me more Christmas time. My wife complains about me being white trash and claims that only "crazy people" would have more than one tree in the same room.Obviously I am Republican as all hell too.Ben Carson not personally erecting a Christmas tree in his own home doesn't bother me. Of course the white-house is a national institution and the property of the American people, so he DAMN WELL BETTER be OK with all out Christmas decorations there.
You're doing it wrong. My best friend in elementary school was Jewish, and those cheating bastards just celebrated "secular" Christmas - tree, decorations, EVERYTHING, just no manger decorations or anything Christian-themed. Dude got a huge Christmas Day haul every year ON TOP getting stuff for Hanukkah.
Christmas in America is an American tradition that everyone should celebrate IMO.I don't care if you're Jewish. Hang dradle ornaments from your tree, open a gift under the tree each day of Hannukah, put menorahs with multi-colored lights on them in your windows. I don't care if you're a Muslim. If you want to live in AMERICA you have to be an AMERICAN. Erect a tree in your living room, put lights everywhere, eat copious amounts of baked goods, buy a bunch of crap. Just use ornaments tailored to your faith. Instead of a cross, or a manger, just have your kids make some of those hand-print in clay ornaments and paint "Death to Israel" or whatever on them, IDGAF.Embrace consumerism, gluttony, and over-the-top Holiday decorating or GTFO out of my country.On second thought, FUCK Ben Carson. No Grinch should be POTUS.
Damn I am pumped up now. I am fuckin' READY for the next annual battle in the War on Christmas. Our finances have improved dramatically this year, FUCK IT. My favorite movie is Christmas Vacation, why just watch Clark Griswold when I can BE Clark Griswold. I am going to blind every mother fucking Grinch in my neighborhood with enough lights to be seen from outerspace. I am going to LOUDLY wish every son of a bitch who says happy Holidays to me a Merry CHRISTMAS. I am going to stuff my fat American face and trash my credit buying my son a million LEGOs.Go back to your Yale Ivy League Ivory Tower Ben Carson. You make me sick.
The debate tonight only further verified that we have a CLEAR Top 4: Trump, Carson, Cruz, and Rubio.Paul and Kasich don't matter and by virtue of luck didn't share the fate of Christie and Huckabee. JEB! once again was weak, effeminate, and ineffective. Literally the most feminine and frail candidate on a stage with an actual female candidate. And that female candidate was terrible tonight, so bad that the establishment will not be able to pull off their "CARLY WON THE DEBATE" scam again to inflate her numbers a 3rd time.If you want an outsider to take on the establishment and take on PC, vote Trump.If you want an insider with experience to take on the establishment, vote Cruz.If you want an insider establishment candidate, vote Rubio.If you want to take a nap or you are a crazy person, vote Carson.
I'm having a crisis of faith. That annoying little voice of reason in my head is whispering to me. "It's time for . . . . a New American Century (TM)"Forgive me Lord President Trump for my weakness. Guide me through these troubled times.
I've been testing the waters this morning with my usual focus group (who don't realize I'm using them as a focus group).We're not talking Frank Luntz people i.e. dumb people who can barely string together sentences or make coherent points. We're talking decorated veterans, middle-aged middle class and rising, self-employed people, wealthy baby boomers and retirees, people who are in the top half of GOP voters in terms of intelligence and wealth.Guys. The dream might be dying. Trump may have been stumped. And Carson is falling off the face of the planet.Get ready for the Cruz missile.
LOL.My Dad will wait and decide close to voting day. Also he will never discuss with anyone who he votes for.I haven't even spoken to my mother about politics this cycle but I am 99.99% sure she is probably a devoted Ben Carson supporter.She's your well-meaning, overly nice, but slightly off hyper-Christian lady who shares Jesus' love with strangers and talks about reading the bible to "put on your armor of God"
I thought Trump would gradually allow his position to deport tens of millions of illegals to fade, that he simply didn't want to be seen as weak or a waffler, so that instead of openly changing his stance to correct a mistake he would kind of just ignore it and if he became President safely hide behind "welp, gotta compromise to make deals with congress."I never imagined he would double down, directly speak to the concerns over people being rounded up in their neighborhoods, homes, etc., and verify those concerns by proposing a "deportation force"He is either the greatest showman of our time, building up to a triumphant reveal, OR he is truly a legitimate mad-man.Like I am VIRULENTLY anti ILLEGAL immigrant and even I think this is fucking insane not to mention UNELECTABLE. Bar them from welfare of any form, sure. Deny them full citizenship i.e. VOTING privileges so the Democrats' plan to simply flood the country with govt. dependent voter drones to win the Presidency indefinitely and stack SCOTUS to crush my rights like my 2nd amendment rights, absolutely. Effectively wall off the border and prevent more illegals, yes. Tighten visas and only allow legal immigrants in and only give them citizenship/voting privileges if they can contribute and be net federal income tax payers, you bet.But rounding up people already here illegally with brown-shirt squads??? This is fucking madness. Elian Gonzales x 10-15 million??? No way.Zodiac Killer is an enormous ass-hole with a God complex, but WELP guess I don't have any options left since the alternative is Marco flood the country with tens of millions more Democrat dependents and doom America Rubio.Why Trump WHY?????
There is no way they are including all the people who can't get jobs in their field with that trash degree and work at McDonalds/Starbucks/Wal-Mart.Not to mention on its face the abject fucking stupidity of arguing that Rubio is wrong. OF COURSE we need more skilled tradesmen and OF COURSE we don't need every Tom, Dick, and Harry bullshit college and university in the country churning out Philosophy degree holders with loads of student loan debt and no marketable skills.The number of people who can get into a philosophy program at an actual Ivy League school or a southern academic power like Duke, Vandy, etc. or a West-Coast one like Cal, Stanford, etc. is probably by itself MORE than enough philosophers for the good of society.
I agree. It's time to correct that mistake and make an unstable crazy person President of the United States.
How is it a scandal when you invest money in a real estate deal, and separately from that the guy you invested with commits fraud in his day job?What's even LESS scandalous is helping out someone you know in court.If anything I'd be suspicious that maybe Carson's people leaked this out there because any MSM outlet running with it is only going to help him bilk more suckers for cash.
Told you guys. Look for Cruz to rise.Among my little focus group, Trump actually stayed about the same. But Carson and Fiorina TANKED and the SOLE beneficiary was Zodiac Killer.
Looks like Ted's Trump ass-kissing really was a brilliant move.
Why do they keep teasing me every few months with more "We're gonna draft Mitt Romney" fantasy only never to go through with it???Mitt Romney was our best nominee since 1992 and there is no shame in losing to an incumbent who is also a once-in-a-generation superstar.
Saying Trump is "lucky" this happened is like saying we were lucky today because the sun came up.This was inevitable and Trump isn't some visionary genius, nor is he merely lucky. He's simply a person with at least some baseline of intelligence among a sea of morons who can't come to grips with the real world we live in, who think draconian gun laws will keep people safe, and who constantly wring their hands over anyone speaking truth about the Islam problem in the world and snivel about "Islamophobia."
Man. I feel bad for laughing at smoothrich now. He seems . . . . off.
I've been living in this bubble, assuming that other anonymous pro-GOP posters were just like me. Normal-looking, stable Christian family men, probably wearing dress pants and loafers and enjoying an after-dinner tobacco pipe smoke when they fire up SA and talk righteous Republican politics.Some rambling demented stoner from New Joisey in a dingy apartment??? Ugh. This sort of riff-raff belongs with the Democrats.
I gotta be honest. I have poor taste in clothing so it's usually khaki golf shorts.It's me. I'm that Republican dad in khaki shorts and loafers driving the Corvette.
Stay calm everyone. I know Muslims just went on YET ANOTHER murderous rampage, this time in Paris, but don't worry about it possibly happening again in this country. President Obama has our back and is a very serious person when it comes to keeping us safe.http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-33764762
Anyone who would admit Syrian "refugees" to this country is a fucking moron.My Syrian friends wouldn't let them in, of course in fairness they're sane Christian people who came to this country to get away from their INsane Muslim countrymen so they're somewhat biased.
I'm more concerned for the safety of my fellow American than I am for the handful of ACTUAL war refugees mixed in with all of the lying economic migrants from other countries looking for a free ride and also terrorists.
How dare I not give in to moral blackmail and throw the safety of the American people aside. After all, the UNITED STATES Government shouldn't put the welfare of citizens of the UNITED STATES before foreign populations, why that would just be crazy.
South Carolina cross-state trip report:Went to visit my folks with my son. 2.5 hour drive across state.EVERY SINGLE political yard sign I saw on the road was for Trump (only .5 hours of my drive on interstate, the rest on back roads)My life-long Democrat aunt (although a "blue dog" i.e. votes Dem local but didn't vote Obama for President) and uncle are pro-Trump.As I was asking her who she liked so far, my Dad, who DOES NOT TALK ABOUT HIS FUCKING POLITICS BECAUSE IT'S RUDE AND NO ONE ELSE'S BUSINESS jumped in and made a passionate defense of Trump. We've created a monster.
We already have 5 GOP nominees on the court and SURPRISE abortion, contraception, etc. are all still legal.It's the Democrat appointees who are a threat to civil liberties and our constitutional rights. They were lock-step in Heller and McDonald, and one GOP appointee being replaced by a Democrat president is all they need to trash the bill of rights.
That was actually funny. Why didn't they use that guy who played Ben Carson more on the 2 shows I watched??? The other people are terrible. Especially the lady who played Hillary and the 2 dudes who butchered weekend update.
It's extremely meaningful in exposing just what trash the media is.I'd love to see them ask Democratic candidates trap questions that make you look bad no matter HOW you answer. Or better yet just not do this crap.
LOL at everyone that thinks Trump will magically stop being a media genius and an effective communicator once he's matched up vs. Hillary, not to mention the fact that he'll be able to savage her even worse than JEB! with her own positions and corruption. She's a Wall-Street prostitute and the ultimate sleezy typical politician. Keep telling yourselves that everything will be OK and Hillary Clinton is some amazing political figure who will save you from Trump. L-O-L. She's the female Democrat version of Romneybot.There's no point in bleeding from your fingertips and tearing off your nails. Just let go, you're falling into the abyss with the rest of us anyway. The Golden Age of Trump is upon us and you are seriously delusional if you think Hillary fucking Clinton has the charisma and character to save you.
I don't remember too much about his first campaign, but for his reelection he (a) had proven to be a very effective and competent governor, and (b) the Democrats ran a literal retard against him. This same JEB! that can't keep from stepping on his own dick in the debates now, clowned that guy HARD in debate and make him look even dumber than he was.
Bill McBride. Just looked him up. Jesus, I had no idea he was married to Alex Sink. Talk about a perfect match, dumb and dumber.
I made you a new avatar if you'd like Jomentum.You're welcome.
The Carson decline has begun.Who will be the next not-Trump???http://elections.huffingtonpost.com...,Santorum,Trump
LOL Donald Trump is literally going to be POTUS.I mean, I know these retards can't stop him, but COME ON. This is the ad equivalent of a limp-wristed half-hearted shove from a girl (or a liberal "male")
I am going to be 100% serious for a moment. No matter who I eventually vote for in the South Carolina primary, if Trump won most of the states and most of the delegates and the national party bull-shitted him out of the nomination I absolutely would NOT vote in the general election. Even if I ended up voting for someone else in the primary and that someone else ended up being the rigged nominee.The so-called "Democrats" can do what ever they want with their shit party and their rigged system of super delegates that has already given Clinton the victory before a single vote is even cast. I expect the GOP nominee to be whomever we the people choose.I would never give one more cent in donations or one more vote for any national office to the GOP is they pulled some bull-shit like this.
Ooooohhhhh. That's an interesting scenario. I guess it would depend on how organic or rigged the teaming up of two lesser candidates to top him appeared. If it's a straight up ticket featuring the #2 and #3 finishers who had enough combined to beat Trump, then I guess I might be OK with it. If they, combined, had won a majority of states and delegates, then OK.I guess we'll have to wait and see what happens. Personally, I think Trump will win a majority. It just sets up so well for him. If he wins NH, SC, and FL, following that you have the "SEC" primary, in which he is going to DOMINATE. Hard to see him not building on such a lead afterward and stealing a lot of the states you would expect him to struggle in.Even if he only wins 2 of those 3 and of the first 4 (including Iowa) I still think that's enough for him to prove he's legit and crush the SEC primary, which features a lot of states similar to SC, where he is polling very well and will only improve with Carson's fall.Cruz is honestly the only guy who could potentially beat him down here. Rubio has ZERO shot. That clown wants open borders i.e. Democrat control of the Presidency and SCOTUS for a generation. Southern Republicans get a lot of ridicule, but we are not actually a bunch of uninformed idiots or racists. Immigration matters to us not because we don't like Mexicans and South Americans - we have NO problem with family-oriented Christian cultures (SURPRISE). It matters because Democrats have demonstrated their desire to destroy our way of life, and immigrants vote OVERWHELMINGLY Democratic. SCOTUS has had a majority of GOP nominees for quite some time, and yet abortion is STILL legal and being gay in America keeps getting EASIER. It's the Democrats who are a threat. Heller and McDonald had lock-step 4 person minority decisions from the Democratic nominees, and if they are able to flip one seat it's GAME OVER. It's the Democrats who wage a tight, effective, and united war against the civil liberties and constitutional rights that they don't like, and rampant immigration could give them the Presidency long enough to create a Democratic majority SCOTUS for a LOOOOOOONG time. Not to mention how they've taken to using executive administrations like the DOJ, IRS, etc. as banana republic political bludgeons. The GOP owning the house and sometimes being majority in the Senate as well don't mean squat if Democrats import enough new voters to own the Presidency and thus the executive branch and SCOTUS for a generation.
I've been on the Romney train since the beginning. I can't believe he was dumb enough to let JEB! and his donor dominance scare him off.While the establishment is still flirting with Rubio, they would have solidified behind Romney weeks if not months ago.Romney is their kind of guy politically, but he's also an alpha like Trump. He's not some soft voiced, aw shucks, pushover pansy like JEB!Mitt. We are ready and willing to nominate you again. You should have been President, it's not too late to right a wrong.
I want whatever drugs you people who think Hillary can beat this man are taking.
Come on crowd, beat the shit of that booing guy ASAP.
I'll remember this once I'm a block warden you traitorous scum.
Hillary being a better debater and winning the debates means jack shit. 20 million people watched Trump NOT win debates multiple times and it didn't phase him.He's terrible in them and it doesn't matter because he is a media genius, and an absurdly intoxicating orator.For every general election debate (3 of them) he'll have hundreds of speeches like this, mostly off the cuff, off prompter, stream of consciousness, etc. Everyone who watches the debates will at one time or another see Trump speak as well.
Has this been posted yet?https://www.instagram.com/p/-bz5HWG...realdonaldtrump
It's interesting to watch all the joke posts about the Trumpocalyose, while we have an actual clown for CIC and the world is already descending into chaos because of it.Trump acts like a clown and plays a part for the cameras and media exposure, but is actually a serious person who made serious decisions in business and built an empire because of it, and who has proposed serious foreign policy stances re: taking on ISIS and brutally bombing them and taking away their oil i.e. source of revenue and power, and backing the devil we know Assad in Syria and welcoming Russian involvement, i.e. actually being smart enough to LEARN a lesson from history and from our past mistakes. Obama is the opposite. He acts like he's serious for the cameras, while in reality he's a clueless imbecile who has played pussyfoot with the "JV team" and completely misread them, and who has taken the mindlessly idiotic position of not learning from history and backing "rebels" against Assad basically out of spite since Russia likes Assad. Either that or he's truly a clown and actually buys into the same George W. Bush fairy tale of building stable pro-US democracies in the middle east and wants to take out Assad because he suffers from the same delusions of messianic grandeur.
LOL if you think he'd own the properties he does, have the influence he does, have the media power he does, etc. if he had instead just dumped it into stocks.He might have as many liquid assets right now, but otherwise he would not have nearly the amount of true power and wealth, not to mention future potential.
I'm here for you Joementum. I know what it's like to be in your shoes. I just want you to know, everything is going to be OK. Just look at me, 4 short years after the 2012 debacle, able to resurrect a successful posting career.Reality bites, but once you hit rock bottom, and believe me you will in a yooooge way on Nov. 8, 2016, you'll be able to put the pieces back together.
Trump will survive and mock them for being amateur losers who can't even pull off a simple hit. I mean, it's no wonder so many of our enemies are still running around the world stirring up trouble, our leaders are incompetent.
The primary voters for both major parties as a whole are more informed and intelligent than the general electorate.You people telling yourselves that the general electorate will save you from Trump are delusional. He's HAMPERED in the primary, not enhanced by it.Just wait until he unleashes his media mastery and cult of personality on the dip-shits who can't be bothered to vote in the primaries. The kind of morons in the Google survey Joementum posted who answered "None of the Above" who are also in the majority BTW.You people had better wake up and realize that Trump is at his WEAKEST now, not his strongest. If you wanna stump Trump, you better accept the reality that Bernie will lose to the Wall-Street Hooker and vote in the GOP primary instead.(USER WAS PUT ON PROBATION FOR THIS POST)
How is this real???We truly live in an amazing time.This truly is the golden age of Trump.There is no point in questioning our reality any longer.Accept it into your hearts. President Donald J. Trump cannot be stumped.
Sure, in some alternative universe where Trump DOESN'T simply counter with the fact that the Clintons are the ones who created it.
Karl Rove's desperation play is . . . . back Ben Carson???LOL. Sorry Joementum, it's over. Stick a fork in the GOP establishment. Their futile attempts over the Holidays to stump Trump will be nothing more than violent death throws.We did it. We beat the Bushes, we beat the GOP. We're gonna beat the Clintons next and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
There IS one way out for the GOP. And BOY is it hilarious.We see with Carson's decline that Trump benefits more than Rubio or Cruz. And of course a majority of Cruz supporters aren't going to favor Rubio over Trump.The only way the GOP can save themselves from Trump is to bend the knee before Zodiac Killer. He is literally the only candidate who the establishment could unite behind who could also siphon away JUST ENOUGH anti-establishment support to beat Trump.Hahahahahahaha.
Trump does pretty crummy in the debates, and yet it doesn't affect his numbers, so he should absolutely carry out this blackmail. The only 2 possible outcomes are(1) CNN folds and pays $5 Million for the Vets and Trump's numbers go up while he gleefully screams from the mountaintops that he is the author of "The Art of the Deal" and he made a GREAT deal with CNN for the vets and he's a tough negotiator and will make the BEST deals as President.(2) CNN calls his bluff, he refuses to attend because he supports ARE TROOPS, and his numbers go even higher than in the above scenario. He then gleefully screams from the mountain tops about CNN's "terrible" ratings for the debate and how nobody gives a shit about the other candidates obviously since they all tuned out sans Trump and how CNN is run by idiots and losers.
LMFAO. Criticize the Republicans who didn't politicize today's events and simply sent well wishes, while Democrats like Hillary and O'Malley crassly use the victims as political props to further their agenda that would have done nothing to prevent what happened today but would do everything to assault the Bill of Rights and fuck law abiding citizens over.Crass disgusting vile human beings who prey on tragedy, and gutless, spineless cowards who respond to terror with fear and clamoring to restrict our own liberty for our own good.Burn in hell scum.
I'm not sure Muslims murdering people really helps Trump with winning the nomination since he already just about has it wrapped up.I mean, let's get real here - if we generously assume Rubio could actually split Carson and Cruz supporters 50/50 with Trump, that still puts Trump at around 45% support. It's hard to see Rubio winning a large enough majority of voters from the other candidates to keep Trump for hitting the 50% mark. And this is assuming a highly unlikely scenario in which all 8 of the top 10 candidates drop out to clear the way for a Trump vs Rubio battle alone.The establishment only has about 1/3 support right now combined, and that's generously giving them 100% of Fiorina and Paul supporters.Trump, Carson, and Cruz have ~ 60% of the voters behind them combined. And Cruz isn't limited to die-hard conservatives who are politically aware, he can siphon away casual primary voters from Rubio as well. Donald Trump is not Giuliani or Cain, and this isn't 2008 or 2012. There is literally NO clear path now for the establishment to win the GOP primary.
We all want to live in your world.
Looks like ol' Nate Silver has finally come around.Give in to the dark side Nate. Let it flow through you my young apprentice. I will teach you the dark arts of unskewing.http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com...g-the-election/
Why are they STILL doing this crap?They're actually going to make things WORSE and expand the debate field from the 8 it had narrowed to back to 9 since Paul averages 4% in NH despite falling below 3% nationally. Jesus Christ stop flooding the stage with these losers. Only 6 of the Top 10 candidates have national averages of 3% or more. We should continue to NARROW the field. It went from 10 to 8, time to go from 8 to 6 at least.I don't want to watch these losers, and it's bad for the establishment too since keeping them in only helps Trump by spreading out establishment voters among multiple candidates.
LOL. Welcome to being a gun owner in the Democratic Party's America.
I am excited to watch President Obama address me after the Islamic terrorist attack by declaring war against me and my civil liberties. It's going to be almost as exciting as JEB!
WORSE!!! I am a law abiding American who appreciates and exercises his right to keep and bear arms!!! i.e. the REAL terrorist.
POWERFUL ASSAULT WEAPONSThey purchased semi-automatic rifles Mr. President. What are you going to do, confiscate hundreds of millions of our rifles??? Or maybe a repeat of the 1990s ban on any semi-automatic rifles that LOOK REAL SCARY.
I find your honesty and directness refreshing.
Well he basically is since winning the GOP establishment primary i.e. coming in 3rd place is about as important a position.
ANY DAY NOWhttp://elections.huffingtonpost.com...aul,Rubio,Trump
Worry not Nate Silver. Worry not Joementum. Come, sit on my knees, and I will show you the ways of unskewing. You can create your own reality, a reality free from the inevitability of TRUMP.
Completely shutting down travel and immigration from majority-Muslim nations makes a hell of a lot more sense than all of the things our so-called "leaders" have done since 9/11/2001, primarily shitting all over the civil liberties of we the American people here at home and starting costly wars abroad.
Obama and Clinton have literally drone murdered countless human beings but Donald Trump is Hitler for suggesting the federal government use it's constitutional authority and tailor immigration and travel policy to protect American citizens by banning immigration and travel from Muslim nations temporarily until "we know what the hell is going on," this after ISIS has repatedly flat out told us - "hey, we're gonna infiltrate your country among the travelers and immigrants you let in."Amazing. Obama responds to an Islamic terrorist attack and murder of over a dozen Americans by calling for curtailing the rights of Americans, but Trump is the one who is Hitler.LOL.
OK. Thanks for the semantics correction. Either way what he did NOT call for was barring any American citizens who happens to BE Muslim from re-entering their own country, nor did he call for a permanent policy of just keeping all Muslims out. He qualified the statement in his very next sentence with "until." The ones not listening are those slandering him and calling him HITLER.What a joke.Between Barack Obama and Donald Trump, only one person has actually ordered the slaughter of human beings and only one person has used the power of government and the power of the presidency to pursue curtailing Americans' civil liberties. And it's not Donald Trump.If the left wants to stoop to this crap, fine. They'll lose the absurd godwin argument every time because Obama and Clinton have bloody hands and Trump does not, period.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76An3ZxWNfk
Who the hell is Hope Hicks? Trump's spokesman is a dude.When Donald Trump says that American citizens currently abroad shouldn't be allowed back into their own country, feel free to condemn him over that position.
Um yeah, apparently according to the guy on the news right now slamming Trump, Trump himself later specified that citizens and servicemen of the U.S. abroad would be allowed re-entry.I'm going to go ahead and assume Trump hater here isn't trying to help Trump out and this is true.So there we have it. Despite the fact that he never said Americans couldn't re-enter in the 1st place, Trump has apparently specifically addressed this lie thrown at him.
LOL. I'm not the one reimagining his statements and putting words in his mouth he never said, and then ignoring words he actually spoke.He never said American citizens could not re-enter their own country, and after this lie was hurled at him he has specifically and personally stated that American citizens could in fact re-enter their own country.
You're right. WELP let's just not bother then. Let's just blindly allow anyone in and continue to try and keep ourselves safe with wars abroad and a police state at home.Trump is a monster and Saint Obama is right. Let's abolish privacy of any kind for American citizens, smash the Bill of Rights, and drone the fuck out of people in the middle east. It's working swell.Hell, let's stop beating around the Bush. Just start building prisons to house ALL of us. Let's all live in comfortable cages and be safe from Islamic terror in our midst, instead of just trying to keep these nut-jobs the hell out. I mean, we already have nut-job Islamic radicals that are U.S. citizens, why bother trying to stop others from travelling or immigrating here?
A clean break-up with the Islamic world. No travel to and from, trade with, relations with, wars with, embassies with, etc., etc., etc. the majority Muslim nations in and around the middle east.It's been 14 FUCKING YEARS since. 9/11/2001. 14 years I've had to tolerate this shit, 14 years I've had to watch both of the political parties, ostensibly at odds with eachother, try to out-do one another when it comes to pandering to Islam, finding creative new ways to oppress the American public, strengthening the power and control of the government over every aspect of our lives, treat us like fucking cattle in our own country, spy on us, infringe upon, undermine, our outright destroy our civil liberties, pass dumb-ass horrific laws with nice name like USA PATRIOT ACT, etc., etc., etc. ALL in the name of combating radical Islam.FUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKKKKKK I am sick of this shit. Can we ever go back to 100% normal? Can we ever go back to the way things were? I don't know, probably not, but shit I'd like to try. And there's only one way. Tell these fucking people to all pound sand, to choke on their oil, to have fun flinging their shit at one another in their own fucked up homelands.Withdraw every single troop, spy, "advisor," diplomat, file folder, and paper-clip from the entire Islamic world. "Iraq will fall into chaos!!!" "Iran will get a nuke!!!" "Someone will start a war with israel!!!" "The Taliban will take over Afghanistan!!!" "The Saudi's are our friends!!!" I. DON'T. FUCKING. CARE. What's my plan? Complete and total isolationism from the Islamic world. We don't stick our nose in their business, we don't bother them anymore, and we cut them off from our lives completely. Let's just agree to not agree, accept the fact that we cannot get along and our societies, cultures, and values are incompatible, and keep to ourselves.I don't want to kill a single one of them. I don't want to tell a single one of them what to do, how to live their life, or what kind of government to have. I just want to stay the hell away from them and keep them the hell away from me, and live my life without the government spying on me, molesting me at the airport, telling me to turn in my scary looking rifles, taxing the shit out of me to pay for playing Middle East World Police, etc., etc., etc.
LOL. The left LIES and claims Donald Trump said he would not allow American citizens back into their own country when he said nothing of the sort, then when asked about this LIE Trump makes it clear that he would not do so, so now the left is going to go with a different LIE, that Trump is backing down or walking back his position in response to their condemnation of him.Amazing.Good news for Trump I guess. UP, UP, AND AWAY in the polls from this, just like every other time these 'tards delude themselves into thinking they can stump Trump.
Romney needs to get in the race or STFU.If he gets in, I'll vote for him (maybe, has South Carolina's primary filing deadline passed???)Otherwise he needs to can it. He should have run again, he was scared of JEB!, he backed down like a bitch.I believe in second chances, so if he corrects his cowardly mistake and goes for it, I'm behind him. Otherwise he needs to go away.
R.I.P.You will be missed.What the hold-up with the Clinton and Trump Toxx threads??? I am ready for redemption.
I know. Why do you think I hang out with you liberal riff-raff???
LOL. CNN and Don Lemon are making Trump look GOOOOOOOOOD.These hilarious 'tards keep slamming the door on their own dicks. "We've got him NOW!!!"~5 minutes later~"WTF just happened???"(USER WAS PUT ON PROBATION FOR THIS POST)
Trump is soaring to new heights, Carson is dropping like a rock, Cruz is surging into a strong second-place standing, and Rubio has leveled off.The GOP is in its death throes. We the people are winning the war. The establishment has nowhere to turn. Their only hope for defeating the brash outsider who threatens to destroy them, is the ass-hole insider whom they share a mutual hate with. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA.http://elections.huffingtonpost.com...aul,Rubio,Trump
Trump's campaign rally music selection guy has done an excellent job so far, but he needs to add Frankie Goes to Hollywood to the playlist.Shooting stars never stop, even when they reach the topShooting stars never stop, even when they reach the top
It's going to be fun watching Trump destroy Zodiac Killer, literally the dream candidate for the right-wing, with right-wing primary voters, while also watching people in this thread continue to tell themselves that Hillary will be A-OK in a match-up vs. Trump.Trump will soon have conservatives lusting for Zodiac Killer's blood, and in the general election next year he'll have centrist general election voters calling for Hillary's.Face it, Trump has been TERRIBLE in the debates. Not good, not even OK, just TERRIBLE. But it doesn't matter and your clinging to Hillary's debate acumen as a way for her to save you from Trump is really sad.Trump is the ultimate salesman, the ultimate showman, and the ultimate media manipulator.A tidal wave is coming. It cannot be stumped.
I see an on-stage appearance at a Trump rally in this guy's future:http://www.fox4beaumont.com/communi...tion-1932.shtmlAmazing.Every day somehow tops the previous one and brings joyful laughter and a bigger smile to my face.Just incredible.
Yeah there was nothing there. It was boring nerdy strategy talk. He talked about how his strategy has been to embrace Trump and Carson, and how he thought they would both fade and he would get the Lion's share of their supporters/
Fiorina is the evil Corporate executive, Zodiac Killer is her butt-kissing yes-man. The secrets to rival corp. new product are theirs after a hired theif steals the key for them, but a loveable homeless dog making his way in the rough streets of New York foils their plan, sending them scrambling to track him down and recover the key in a series of comically failed capture attempts. This loveable dog ultimately goes from rags to riches as grateful CEO ultimately adopts him and take him home to his son, and Fiorina and Cruz are taken away in the paddy wagon.Hire me Hollywood.
Really, it's a brilliant line, because if the numbers are wrong re: the number of dead people still getting SS checks, he can just say "yeah, I TOLD the media I wasn't sure about the figure and to find out the right numbers for me"Still amazing seeing a candidate actually say that though.
Yessssss. Trump crowd questioner calling for Hillary's blood.
LOL. Trump saying Obama might be blackmailing Hillary into supporting his insane policies with the e-mail server scandal.
"The Wall has to be beautiful because someday they're going to name it the Trump Wall"
Our next Presidenthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB0B1Y7YIeA
I like how everyone who gets sucked into Trump's orbit, from his attorney spokesman to even his physician, takes on Trump's style of speaking and verbal mannerisms.Trump is like the Borg. All must assimilate. None will escape or delay the Golden Age of Trump.
Take note Clinton apologists. Not even El Rushbo, pied piper of the conservative hive-mind, can withstand the tidal wave of Trump.All will be consumed in his wake. Ride the wave or be drowned.
This is some pro-tier stealth trolling.
No fucking way.Sweet baby Jesus how is every new day more hilarious than the last?God Bless Donald J. Trump and keep him safe from harm.
I don't like Zodiac Killer at all but if Trump is eventually somehow stumped, I'll gladly settle for Cruz since I know damn well my second amendment rights will be 100% safe with any SCOTUS nominees he puts forth.Also he's less of a hypocrite than JEB! or Rubio when it comes to the whole clash between allegedly wanting smaller govt. and less spending but then also wanting to spend obscene amounts of money on the "defense" budget. Marco keeps hammering him for only voting for a budget that "spends less on defense than Obama wants to" like that's some kind bad mark. Uh, no Marco. Pretty sure we could wipe humanity from the face of the earth if we wanted to even if we ONLY spent a paltry $400 Billion or whatever on "defense"
Donald Trump and Zodiac Killer are literally my #1 and #2 choices for President. I'm not really sure what could be a more damning reflection of just how shit the GOP i.e. the establishment has become. Good grief.
Trump just sprayin' & prayin'Donald J. Trump &#8207;@realDonaldTrump 50m50 minutes agoBetween Iraq war monger @krauthammer, dummy @KarlRove, deadpan @GeorgezWill, highly overrated @megynkelly, among others, @FoxNews not fair!
Creepy, sleazy televangelist.I mean, Trump is all about Trump, but he somehow manages to pull it off in a way that is endearing. Zodiac Killer does not. Zodiac Killer believes in Zodiac Killer and will do anything to further the cause of Zodiac Killer even if it hurts the ideals he alleges to champion.Also Trump is completely unfiltered and honest, whereas Cruz gives these dumbed-down for his audience and obviously painstakingly rehearsed conservative talking points and lines in an over-the-top tone like he's a character in a movie delivering some triumphant and epic speech.
Yes.
Testing the waters in my usual circles this morning. I thought more people might be joining me on thinking about switching to Cruz.It seems Trump supporters are COMPLETELY unphased by his performance or the good showing of other candidates. Or "Kill the Families."Oh God there really are no brakes on this train. What have we done???Hold on everyone.
Donald Trump is going to be President.What the fuck are we going to do???????
This madness has to end. We need to nuke it from orbit. It's the only way to be sure.Prepare the Cruz missile.
My earlier dire posts were premature. It seems Cruz IS making inroads with some Trump leaners. I mean, they were already predisposed to like Cruz as well, and many Trump fanatics want Cruz to be VP/successor. But some are jumping ship. Not many, but peeling off a few combined with continuing to peel away any remaining support for Carson and Fiorina means Cruz is only going to continue to strengthen his second place position and start seriously challenging Trump.Kissing Trump voters' butts has been a brilliant strategy on his part.
WOAH. I panicked when I didn't see this forum after BYOB.Guess I like you LIEberals more than I thought.Anyway . . . . Easy to see why the desparate establishment is starting to whisper about Christie, since Rubio is now in a decline as steep as Carson's.Also even Zodiac Killer is dropping off a bit.Trump is soaring to even greater heights. Nearing 40%. NOTE: I removed polls of adults. This is only non-partisan polls of registered and likely GOP voters.http://elections.huffingtonpost.com...aul,Rubio,TrumpSoon the 7 seals will be opened. Hail Satan.
I've tested the waters after the last 4 debates. Cruz keeps improving and siphoning away votes. He's about even with Trump now. But what is astonishing is that he siphons them away from everyone BUT TRUMP. At first I though Cruz was getting converts, but when I compared notes on who people liked before, Trump isn't losing anyone almost.It's Trump vs. Cruz with a few scattered folks liking Rubio or now Christie after the last debate.The establishment is D.O.A. with these folks, and we're talking about people that are either more likely to be veterans OR more educated or more wealthy than a random pollster's sample of GOP primary voters. I guess that would explain why Cruz is now dead even with Trump in my tiny circle (I'm talking about less than 100 people here) but still way behind in polls. Trump is crushing it with uneducated and low income people, and that is what should scare Democrats and Clinton. They're seriously doing themselves a disservice by just laughing at the GOP over Trump and telling themselves he's their dream opponent. He should be their worst nightmare.
OF COURSE weak liberals would have a problem with bombing a suspicious, swarthy, likely terrorist who has access to the ultimate weapon of mass destruction, a magical being who can and WILL grant his EVERY desire. Just one little request and he could unleash a rain of fire murdering every good white christian in America.
Yeah, right, and Iran will only be using their nuclear facilities for peaceful energy purposes.Get a load of this libtard.
But you do know. We ALL know. Even Joementum knows. Even Nate Silver knows.It's not that people don't know who is going to win, it's that everyone has different coping mechanisms. Some people want it to happen, so they rejoice. Some people are unsure, so they watch and observe. Some oppose him, but comfort themselves with laughter and amusement, figuring they might as well enjoy the ride since they're stuck on it like it or not. Some people are afraid, so they repeat the same lies amongst themselves in the hopes that if the heavens hear their refrain then they will be saved. Some people are terrified, and day by day they more frantically try to make the absurd case that it's not going to happen. Ostensibly to the rest of us, but in reality they're trying to convince themselves because the alternative is horrifying to them.
Well as much as I'm sure Senator Cruz will appreciate my vote in the South Carolina primary, it's not going to prevent him from getting steamrolled along with everyone else by Trump.
LMBO. Watching FOX in the background and I guess I missed parts of the Luntz focus group after the debate. Almost every single person raised their hand in agreement that Jeb! should drop out NOW.
Hahahaha. I fucking KNEW it. When I first heard about Trump meeting Adelson, I thought "why would he do that, his 'I'm not bought' selling point is one of his greatest strengths against literally every other GOP rival AND Hillary Clinton."The only explanation that I could come up with was maybe Trump wanted his support, and part of his pitch was "support me by NOT giving ANYONE any money."Trump gets and thus denies people like Rubio Adelson's support, Trump keeps his campaign free from big money donors, Trump can easily sell Adelson on backing Trump with the hook that it won't cost him a dime.
Fuck Iowa and their stupid ethanol and every dumb-shit bought-and-paid for politician who supports mixing this stuff in gasoline.Iowa farmers make bank, auto-repair shops and dealer service centers make bank, politicians make bank, and our engines and wallets get fucked.Now, if we made a full switch to pure ethanol, that would be fine. Engines DESIGNED TO RUN ON IT make more power and generate less pollution and last longer. Engines designed to run on traditional fuel SURPRISE do not take well to ethanol being mixed in, hence the reason you don't see the mixture increasing over 10-15% since that's a bout as much damage done as they can get away without without every soccor mom in America screaming bloody murder over her SUV breaking down.
There is nothing simple about replacing fuel lines and altering a car's tune for most Americans. Also, can't get pure ethanol easily and conveniently at gas stations.Only our moronic "leaders" could manage to legislate this kind of stupidity - go to any typical gas station in your town right now, and you can't get just unleaded gasoline, or ethanol, you can only buy a dumb-ass mixture of both.
Yep. Any car with EFI will run like shit if you switch to ethanol WITHOUT a tune.However, IF you make all the necessary modifications, namely replacing fuel lines (pure ethanol will eat through any rubber lines in no time) and altering the a/f tables, etc. changing the factory tune to compensate for using ethanol, THEN the vehicle will run much better. Ethanol burns clean as hell and makes more power than unleaded gas. It's amazing seeing what an engine looks like after extended use if you break it down - combustion chambers are clean as hell compared to a vehicle that has been running the same miles & usage types on traditional fuel.As an enthusiast I'm kind of sad we're basically going to skip from gasoline to electric for the most part. The idea of an ethanol future was always exciting - keep internal combustion engines, generate more power cleaner, no need to rely on foreign energy, etc. Electric is the future, but it's hard for me to get excited about electric motors or the inevitable electric Corvette at some point in the future. The immediate torque is amazing, but the lack of the sounds and smells of the V8 is depressing.
My F-150 is only 10 years old, but our household income is safely in the 95th percentile now.How fucking out of touch are all these ass-hole auto-executives who keep green-lighting commercials every December with annoying white liberal douche-bags in hipster houses buying a fucking brand new Lexus for each-other as Christmas gifts??? I am republican as all hell and even I want to eat these people.Of course it's not just Lexus and Mercedes anymore. I though about us getting a new Chevy Tahoe and looked up the latest model on a whim. L-O-fucking-L GM wants $50,000 for a freaking GM truck??? Hahahahahaha. The price of an AMERICAN TRUCK is now more than annual U.S. household income. No fucking wonder these brain-dead idiots needed a bailout. Same shit interiors, same egregious use of plastic, now with a luxury car price.I was worried about turning into a greedy ass-hole once we FINALLY emerged from all the years of education and poverty, but NOPE actually having money to spend now is making me want to be more generous with family, freinds, neighbors, etc. even more because how in the ever-loving fuck can a middle-class family that will always be middle-class afford fucking anything???
I will fight you.I had to trade in my last Corvette for a Camaro when I got married, and my Camaro for a truck with a back seat when we had a child. I couldn't afford to be picky, so I've had 2 Fords in a row. Fuck these unreliable heaps and their undersized engines that actually weigh more and take up more space than a GM smallblock V8 because of Ford's love for the inefficient and stupid DOHC engine design. Hell, with the new F-150s, their top-of-the-line engine offering is a Goddamned V6 with a turbo charger. Like I give a shit about your peak HP/TQ numbers and the environment. Give me that area under the curve of a Chevy V8.I cannot be expected to chauffeur my child back and forth from pre-school and get groceries from Bi-Lo with anything less than face-melting torque.
Trump KILLING it on George Stephanopoulos this morning.
"Jeb Bush is an embarrassment to himself and to his family"- Donald Trump just now on Meet the PressThe SNL skit last night was hilarious, and yet real Donald Trump is somehow taking an even bigger dump on Real JEB! today. LOL.
I think I'm going to run for office one day just to bilk stupid rich people out of their money and get a brief taste of the private jet-setting good life.Also attend whitehouse parties and steal food. Some gay guy I went to law school with in my FaceBook friends list posted white house X-Mas party pictures and holy crap it's disgusting. Like, is this 21st century America or King Louis' France??? The opulence in mind-boggling. I'm sure I could get at least a week's worth of rich people grub into a briefcase, right?
I don't know if I've mentioned this, and it's kind of conspirary theory-ish, BUT....I swear to God, I honestly have never given my e-mail to any campaign. UNTIL this cycle I gave it early to the Trump site. I have been receiving e-mails for MONTHS not only from the Trump campaign, but also Zodiac Killer's campaign. No other candidates, only those 2 and I DID NOT give my e-mail to the Cruz people.
It was some party for LBGT activists so that's why he was there???
I've never given to brietbart either. I don't frequent Freep. I generally only give my email to Amazon, Wal-Mart, etc. when I buy things.No conservative site has my e-mail. I only gave it to Trump. IT'S A CONSPIRACY TRUMP AND CRUZ ARE IN CAHOOTS
That's it, I'm switching back to Trump.
Trump is at 39% with registered and likely voters now.http://elections.huffingtonpost.com...estimate=customAND including the less reliable types of polls actually HURTS him now. Go to only phone polls or even further to only LIVE phone polls, and either way it pushes him to 40%.ANY DAY NOW....
It's true that Trump is killing it with uneducated types, but if you look at the poll cross-tabs the % of his supporters with a college degree is usually clearly higher than the % of the general public with a college degree.That's why he's so strong - he isn't JUST killing it with working class voters, he is also getting plenty of support from the types of people who are more reliable GOP primary voters. He's doing well enough with traditional primary voters to be in 1st place. His dominance with working class people is what is pushing that lead to an enormous one.
I think a better question would be when was the last time a clear New Hampshire Poll leader ended up dropping like a rock and losing NH after not winning Iowa.If Trump wins New Hampshire, losing Iowa does zero damage to him. Even people who are gung-ho for Trump who pay attention don't think he's going to win a caucus in Iowa.
Soon......
LOL this is timely:http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-...1221-story.htmlPolls may actually underestimate Trump's support, study finds
YESSSSSSS.JEB! is dead, time to smash Hillary.DO IT TRUMP. DESTROY THE CLINTONS. DUMP THEIR CORPSES INTO THE SAME DITCH AS THE BUSHES.
Make Michigan a swing state again.
On the wall:"I've got to make it great and beautiful because someday they will honor me and name it the Trump Wall"LOL Trump is now trying to dare protestors to get physical, making fun of them for leaving meekly when asked.
Trump/Cruz 2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Democrats with a brain (Yeah right, LOL) would want Cruz. He's furthest from the center and thus has the most difficult path to winning a general election.Bush/Kasich/Christie are all moderate centrists.Carson/Fiorina could put a dent into demographic dominance for the Democratic candidate.Paul has some moderate stances obviously as a libertarianRubio is cookie cutter POTUS candidate material. Very well spoken and kills it in debates, latino, etc. Probably the LAST guys Dems want to see.And then there's Trump. Democrats would be INSANE to want him to win. Really? You're going to bet on yourselves stumping Trump? WAY too much of a wildcard, they should be scared.Cruz has to be the guy they'd like to run against.
WOAH! I might have to give JEB! another look now that he clearly has the endorsement of my senator's campaign apparatus!!!LOL yeah right, like we can afford a President who gets repeatedly and brutally humiliated by a political novice. I'm sure he'd be REAL TOUGH standing up to foreign powers and the terror cult of Islam.Go back to being a hedge-fund parasite JEB!
I choose to believe he previously had no idea what the word meant (obviously as an old white guy) BUT before his speech had an intern find him a way to say Hillary got cock-slapped that left him some plausible deniability.
LOL Just checked the mail.The Trump Campaign sent me a Christmas Card I guess from their HQ since the mailing address is 725 Fifth Avenue.What's on the cover? Santa? Reindeer? A snowman? Nope. Donald J. Trump sporting his MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN hat giving me a Thumbs up.Inside the card in bold red typeface under some decorated garland: "Merry Christmas and Happy HolidaysWe are, together, going to Make America Great AgainI love you all,Donald J. Trump"My wife got a kick out of it and found it amusing. And typical Trump.
Don't they realize Cruz winning Iowa is their only hope to defeat Trump?Answer: No. They're stupid, just as Lord President Trump has said.
I don't recall Herman Cain being protected like this. Hmmmmmmmmmmm
FINALLY.It's the CORRECT Top 6 too from my Republican perspective. I'm glad to see Christie surging ahead of the likes of Fiorina, Kasich, and Paul.Bummer about Graham not being in future undercard debates though. And with Rand in them to boot. WHY LINDSEY WHY???
Anyone who doesn't consider Die Hard a Christmas move can get the fuck out of my country.It takes place during CHRISTMAS time at a CHRISTMAS party and the hero/main character is there because he traveled to spend CHRISTMAS with his children.The movie features an assortment of Christmas songs/carols, as well as numerous Holiday-themed lines and jokes cracked by friend and fo alike.Die Hard and Christmas Vacation are my 2 Christmas Eve MUST-WATCH movies after the little one(s) are put to bed.
It's "Now I have a Machine Gun Ho Ho Ho"You'd know this if you were a REAL American.Bad news for you, I'm making a list, and I'll be checking it twice once I take my position in the Trumpgruppen.
Fuck Bob Dole. That brain-dead corpse voted against the Balanced Budget Amendment and helped kill it in the senate, one of the very few GOPers in the Senate to do so, when Newt's House GOP was pushing Contract with America legislation through congress.GEE JUST THINK HOW TERRIBLE THINGS WOULD BE IF WE HADN'T BEEN ABLE TO BLOW TRILLIONS ON IRAQ AND TRILLIONS ON TARP AND WE DIDN'T HAVE A ~$20 TRILLION NATIONAL DEBT.Thanks Bob Dole. Why don't you just croak already dip-shit?
You already answered your own question. As your quoted piece stated, they were only ONE vote shy of passage. Guess what happened in the 1996 elections? GOP picked up 2 seats! Hooray, we're Golden because AMERICAN HERO Bob Dole said he was going to eventually bring this baby home!!!
Bill Clinton was an incompetent playboy. After George H.W. Bush made personal political sacrifices to get PAYGO, we looked to be headed in the right direction, but Bill Clinton became President and spending IMMEDIATELY increased. It was only after Newt and the GOP took over the house in Jan. of 1995 that we got back on the right track that would ultimately lead to balanced budgets.Bob Dole was an even more incompetent duntz who couldn't manage to beat this literal child in 1996 after he had been exposed as an empty suit. Unable to resist being brow-beat by the GOP in congress, Clinton pivoted to using executive power for change. His genius pals like Robert Rubin and Andrew Cuomo made some BRILLIANT policy changes that helped create a massive real estate bubble that began in 1997 and lasted an entire decade into 2007, enriching us all and certainly not ending catastrophically.THANKS BOB DOLE.
Norm MacDonald, the greatest comedian of our generation and greatest Weekend Update host, played a mean Bob Dole. But Bob Dole lost the election and left the news cycle, freeing up Lorne Michaels to shit-can Norm.THANKS BOB DOLE
Re: whether or not blue collar Trump supporters will show up for their state's caucus or primary - These people keep showing up en masse for Trump rallies, even on weekdays.Thinking they won't show up just ONE MORE TIME when it really counts seems like establishment wishful thinking to me.Also losing Iowa isn't going to sting very much when Trump runs away with New Hampshire. He's up HUGE there and I would imagine New Hamshire GOP voters skew more college educated than in southern states, and it has now been demonstrated by that experiment I posted a while back that these voters level of support for Trump is greatly underestimated by traditional live polling.
Feeling parched over the Holiday campaign lull? No worries, Lord President Trump is gonna kick off the new year by mutilating your thirst.At long last....http://www.foxnews.com/politics/201...-landscape.html
RIght off the bat I don't see salt and fresh squeezed lime juice in Jeb's recipe. BAD GUAC, no vote for you I AM A FUCKING MORON.How the fuck you gonna marry a Mexican and all these years later have a Guac recipe consisting only of avocado, cilantro, onion, jalapeno, and garlic???This man is not fit to lead us.
LOL people are still trying to come up with ways the GOP can miraculously snatch this thing away from Trump.It's not going to happen.Donald Trump is going to at worst finish a close second in Iowa before proceeding to smash the field in primary states.Then he's going to shit all over Hillary AND Bill Clinton for months just like he has done to JEB!Yeah, the downside for you lefties is a GOP presidency, but hey, might as well enjoy the crazy ride and enjoy seeing Trump humiliate yet another entitled family of corrupt scum-bags.
We NEED a President who plays by Chicago rules.Trump is ruthless and strong, unlike Hillary Clinton, who as we all know, is a WOMAN.
Ad preview sounds good to me. Sounds exactly like the radio spots.America is tired of whimpering weaklings. MORE BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD
We live in the best possible timeline. Congratulations everyone.
Digging this music.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnxD-IDgy7sTrump Rallies keep getting better and better. Time for 2016!!!
Nah, we're just not dumb enough to crowd ourselves into confined spaces like liberals, who seem to enjoy living on top of one another in urban hovels and traversing streets coated in piss and shit.There's a reason Democrats hate the electoral college, there's a reason they love congressional districts that slice up cities. There are more of them than us, and they desperately want us to lose our identity and lose our representation and lose our say in how we are governed. They want rural states to have little to no voice in selecting the President and thus SCOTUS, and they want rural voters lumped into congressional districts with urban voters so their voices are drowned out.
Don't be such a cynic. The Fair Tax will make taxes fair just like PPACA protects patients and makes healthcare affordable!!!
Gerrymandering was only cool in the mid-late 20th while Democrats were in charge of it and the GOP was an afterthought.
Zodiac Killer's border policy is lifted straight from Trump's policy paper.Just further confirmation of the Trump-Cruz conspiracy I have uncovered. They're in cahoots.
Well if you want a Republican's perspective, I really don't GAF about North Korea and don't take them seriously. Where candidates stand on N.Korea means literally nothing to me.North Korea would actually have to successfully launch an attack on S. Korea or someone else for me to take them seriously. Otherwise I am 99% sure they're full of shit and incapable of actually managing to build something that works, 0.9% sure that they COULD build a bomb but would fuck up using it and blow up Pyongyang by accident, and only 0.1% sure they could actually hurt South Korea.
Trump has the Clintons and their media stooges all twisted up.LOL at all the delusional fools who thought/think Hillary is somehow smarter and better than JEB!.Abandon all hope, dehumanize yourself and face to bloodshed. We're 12 months away from PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP
Touching another mans automobile, even if it is a faggy Nazi VW with a Bernie sticker, should be grounds for execution IMO.
My lame parents do this. I don't get it, unless you're military or on business travel, why miss out on the fun of voting ON ELECTION DAY in person with everyone else who cares at least enough about this country to vote.Also I need to know what happens in Iowa and NH anyway. If Trump wins NH or both Iowa and NH, obviously I vote for Trump. BUT if Cruz wins Iowa and one of the establishment stooges wins NH, I'll have to hold my nose and vote for Cruz and hope he can fend off Bush/Christie/Rubio/whichever one takes NH.
They'd have teased it if anyone gained ground on Trump.Can't wait to watch my favorite national news show at 6 and see fresh new polls with Trump's lead growing.
RELAX EVERYONE. Cruz has answered the "Where's the Birth Certificate" question.http://www.breitbart.com/big-govern...th-certificate/
I hope Trump questions its authenticity and wonders aloud where the "long-form" is.In between shots at Hillary and Bill over their War on Women of course.Trump is waging a war on 2 fronts and simultaneously concern trolling the Cruz and Clinton campaigns. And yet people STILL cling to the laughable hope that Hillary is somehow special and will not suffer the same fate as JEB!We are on the dawn of a golden age.....
http://www.usnews.com/opinion/artic...hillary-clintonTrump Could Win It AllA new survey shows a sizable number of Democrats ready to defect from Hillary Clinton to Donald TrumpHahahaha. IF Trump pivots to the center? LOL. Abandon all hope
Isn't it wonderful waking up everyday and once again realizing we live in the best possible timeline???
Trump is on the ball this afternoon.He should do more early afternoon rallies.
Yeah, the stream you linked has a banner saying DOUBLE HEADER FOR TRUMP TODAY
Taxing the poor is a stupid and terrible idea, but that doesn't change the fact that Carson's point about people without "skin in the game" voting to make someone else pay more is a valid point.It's absolute horse-shit that someone with no federal income tax liability, or even someone who is a net beneficiary of federal income tax dollars i.e. someone else's money, can endlessly vote to raise OTHER people's federal income tax liability.Taxing the poor isn't the answer, but a constitutional amendment capping on the amount of income one can lose to federal taxation is.And this wouldn't just benefit your average GOP voter - it would benefit Democrats too, because they suddenly aren't as frightening to people who may not have ever voted for them before if they know for a fact a Democrat majority in both houses and a POTUS can't possible raise their effective federal income tax rate beyond X%
No, specifically to ensure people could not be barred from participating in elections because they were poor.There's a difference between not allowing poor people to vote in elections, and setting a % limit on how much any single individual can be forced to pay in federal income taxes.
Can't Stump the Trump - NO COATS EDITIONhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Y_4aa8vhXwThese never stop being funny.
You shouldn't worry about it because it's already been demonstrated beyond any doubt that Clinton is corrupt. The smoking gun has already been uncovered - she was using a private e-mail server as Secretary of State. Anyone who isn't a blind go-Democrat-team partisan voter already knows that she's a scumbag politician and human garbage, but fortunately for her there is a chance her GOP opponent will SURPRISE also be a sleeze-bag politician like a Bush or Cruz.It's why we the people must come together and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by voting for Donald Trump.
I didn't scroll back up the page far enough and for a moment thought Zodiac Killer went off the deep end.
Trump has been leading in the polls for 6 straight months.ANY DAY NOWhttp://elections.huffingtonpost.com...estimate=custom
GAAAAH!!! Those jagged lines!!! So harsh on the eyes. Let's just SMOOTH this bad boy out:UP, UP, AND AWAY!!!http://elections.huffingtonpost.com...aul,Rubio,Trump
They were SOOOOO close to getting it right.Get the hell rid of Kasich.
Keeping telling yourselves that Hillary Clinton is some kind of amazing genius and won't befall the same fate as Jeb Bush/Zodiac Killer/Whatever poor bastard happens to be in Trump's sights at any given moment.She's loser who has been riding her husband's name and coattails for years, and who has already once blown a coronation 8 years ago against a vapid emtpy suit with zero qualification and is trying very hard to do again now against crazy hippie grandpa.Donald Trump is going to grind the Clintons into a fine powder and throw their ashes out with Bush, Cruz, etc.I cannot wait for that corrupt, entitled, despicable little woman to have to call him and congratulate him on winning the presidency and for President Obama to have to hand over the keys to the kingdom and the fate of all of his EO's, "accomplishments," etc. to President Donald J. Trump.I cannot wait for all the little Democratic turds and all the little GOP establishment trolls to cram themselves into the chamber this time next year, put on their best fake smiles, and applaud President Donald J. Trump and kiss his ass on his way to center stage to deliver a yooooge SOTU address.Eat **** scum. Every last one of you. Eat all the **** for 4-8 glorious years of Donald J. Trump.
Kim Davis shouldn't be there, but comparing her to CAIR is a joke. She's a redneck idiot who doesn't understand that her 1st amendment rights don't apply to the duties of her PUBLIC, GOVERNMENT office. Hardly in the same boat as the vile slime that is CAIR, who has rightly been identified as a terrorist organization by even a MUSLIM country like the UAE.
Hahahaha. Salty Obama crying over Trump's rhetoric in the SOTU speech.Even Obama knows deep down what's coming. Actions have consequences, and you and your ilk have sowed the seeds of a Trump presidency.
I'm waiting for primary day.I'm going to wear a MAGA hat to go vote and yell "CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP" as I turn in my paper ballot, since only a fool would use the Illuminati's electronic voting devices.
Thanks. High quality stream.LET'S MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
TRUMP IS GOING TO COLLAPSE ANY DAY NOW!!!THE GENERAL ELECTION IS A FIREWALL HE CAN'T BEAT CLINTON!!!Lol. Accept reality folks. Hold onto your butts, we are on the precipice.
The "bromance" of Trump and Cruz during the primary fight may be over, but Cruz is going to be Trump's VP running mate.Trump removed all doubt last night with his "hypothetical" where Ted was his VP pick.Meanwhile my inbox continues to flood with Cruz campaign e-mails, despite no politician, magazine, website, or GOP group etc. ever getting it save one - the Trump campaign.
No. I am not joking here or trying to be funny with some made-up conspiracy. I literally ONLY gave my e-mail to the Trump campaign, and literally only get political e-mails from the Trump campaign, AND Zodiac Killer.No breitbart, no freep, no national review, no RNC, no GOP groups of any kind, conservative magazines or websites of any kind, etc.I'm an NRA member and I don't even get email form them because they don't have this e-mail address.
New Yorkers already proudly shit, piss, and barf all over their garbage town anyway, they don't need any outside help.
Jesus Christ President Trump can't take office soon enough.Trying to relax and watch some all AMERICAN football and there are "technical difficulties" with either FOX or DIrecTV and the damn thing is in espanol.THIS WOULD NOT HAPPEN IN A TRUMP ADMINISTRATIONWe shouldn't even need spanish language broadcasts in AMERICA.Want to immigrate here and live here? OK - LEARN THE LANGUAGE.AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
On the plus size neither of these spanish speaking gentlemen is Joe Buck.BUT STILL THIS IS AMERICA
LOL at all the babies ENRAGED over Zodiac Killer's kennedy comments.A family of slime, but slime that agreed with your politics so they're somehow better than Cruz. LOL."HOW DARE Zodiac Killer INVOKE THE NAME OF OUR ADULTERER PRESIDENT, WHY, IF HIS DRUNK WOMAN MURDERING BROTHER WERE ALIVE HE'D BE ALL OVER THAT SCUMBAG Zodiac Killer"
I fuckin' KNEW IT!!!THE POLLS ARE SKEWED!!!
I wish a pollster would call me and have a casual conversation about politics.I like talking to people from the strange foreign lands that lie in the wasteland outside of God's country, SEC country.
Sarah Palin is borderline retarded and literally more grating than Hillary Clinton despite not being anywhere near her level of corrupt subhuman slime. She's just so damn stupid its infuriating.Trump hasn't made any mistakes so far, despite the media crying every other day that HE'S FINALLY DONE IT.I'd be surprised if he trots her out on stage to endorse him, although since it's Trump, somehow it won't hurt him in the slightest and his numbers in New Hampshire will inexplicably rise.
How???How can Trump sully himself like this?!?!?!?!Sarah Palin is literally the biggest idiot in America.MAKE IT STOP SHUT HER UP
Kill me
I guess if Trump wins Iowa this will have been worth it.Sort of.
I approve of this luxurious forum upgrade.Every time I post, I will see Donald's knowing smile and his finger pointing right at me, as if to say "keep up the good fight Boosted. We are GOING to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"The countdown to the Iowa Caucus is ON. We've come so far. Can't stop now, we live in the best possible timeline and we can make Donald J. Trump President.
It's almost February and yet still there are doubters. Blind to the avalanche bearing down on them.Donald Trump is going to win the GOP nomination. Donald Trump is going to win the general election. Trump cannot be stumped, and no human being can face him without being completely and utterly destroyed.
LOL. Best one yet.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWgw95hpFzI
A dough faced man child, a fat blogger, a smug old conservative Jew, and some guy I've never heard of are coming out with an anti-Trump manifesto???OH BOY, BETTER RECONSIDER MY TRUMP SUPPORT.I mean, as much as I care about my fellow Americans, black and white, who have been ravaged by unfair trade, the importation of cheap blue collar labor via our porous borders, the importation of cheap white collar labor via VISA abuse, and the outsourcing of any and all jobs to our "trade partners" that can be feasibly exported, I SURELY wouldn't want to upset my establishment betters at RED STATE and NATIONAL REVIEW.LOL get fucked scum. Wet your lips and get ready to kiss PRESIDENT Trump's ass.
It's not too late to hop on board the bandwagon fellas.We still haven't had a single vote cast. All your sins of denial will be forgiven if you go ahead and publicly accept the truth into your hearts:Donald Trump IS GOING TO WIN.
These idiots just don't get it."HEY, HEY, HEY!!! WE DON'T LIKE TRUMP!!! TRUMP BAD!!! DON'T VOTE TRUMP!!!"Oh, really? You don't like Trump? Well, thanks for further confirmation that we're supporting the right man for the job you weasels.The working AMERICAN man and woman in this country is getting hosed while you spew verbal diarrhea in exchange for 6 figure salaries or more. You ARE the "limousine liberals" you profess to despise. Get bent.
Christ can we vote already? I want to see these fuckers weep almost as badly as I want to see the MSNBC and CNN lefties weep next November.I can't punch these pussies in the face due to travel costs and likely prison time, but I can stomp on their hopes and dreams in the voting booth.
I can't wait for the 2016 edition of Political Kombat
The only people who think Donald Trump is stupid are loser liberals who will never manage a six figure budget, much less billions.You may not like him on a personal level, you may find his social behavior abhorrent, and you may disagree 100% with him on politics, but he is a very intelligent man.
I'll be watching the airwaves (South Carolina).I'm sick of JEB! and Rubio ads. Give me the gold standard.
LOL. Yes the man who says mean things is worse than the corrupt shill who turns tricks for Wall-Street and Foreign interests. Hillary Clinton is Zodiac Killer level slime, arguably worse. Trump is just a rich ass-hole.
Truly. It is known that everyone does thorough background research on anyone they retweet on the Twitter. The media is sad. So sad. So dishonest. I HATE 'EM.
I think you mean "if you're a presidential candidate not named Donald J. Trump."
Only in a hell-hole full of deranged lunatics, i.e., N.Y.C., does Bloomberg pass as Republican.We fucking HATE him and it blows my mind that he was registered as and ran as a Republican when he is like purestrain Democrat material. Anti-civil liberties, anti-gun, pro-Wall Street, nanny-state authoritarian, etc.Like, WTF is the difference between him and Hillary???I hope he enters the race because I feel pretty confident he'd hurt Hillary more than Trump.
ABC's Sunday morning show was interesting. I guess they've had their fill of Trump fun and ratings and now that there is a week to go it's time to PANIC.Show was basically the anti-Trump hour. REEKED of desperation.Now watching Meet the Press. Clinton really is the female Romney. SO boring and robotic. Trump is up later (maybe next?) will be interesting to see if NBC follows ABC's tack and makes a futile last minute charge against Trump, or if they have accepted reality into their bleeding little media liberal hearts.
Nice call. Trump JUST brought this up on Meet the Press. Said without it we couldn't have interstate highways or the Keystone pipeline.
Tina Fey.
It's going to be fun watching all the delusional people melt down when their laughable beliefs that Hillary is somehow smarter than JEB! or Cruz and/or the general electorate will save them are destroyed in Trump's wake.THE GENERAL ELECTORATE IS DUMBER THAN THE PRIMARY ELECTORATE FOR EITHER PARTY."INDEPENDENTS" AND "UNDECIDED VOTERS" ARE THE DUMBEST MOTHER FUCKERS ON THE FACE OF THE PLANET.DEMOCRATS WIN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS BY WINNING 2/3 OR MORE OF THE MORON VOTE AND DONALD J. TRUMP'S SPEAKING STYLE ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL IS THE EQUIVALENT OF A 3RD GRADE READING LEVEL.If Trump is the nominee you (WE?) are F-U-C-K-E-D
Clinton, Gore, Kerry, and Obama averaged SIXTY PERCENT of the HIgh-School Dropout/No High School vote. They averaged 63% of the electorate with HOUSEHOLD income BELOW $15,000 annually.Do you Democratic Party voters REALLY want to bet that Donald J. Trump can't win more than 40% of the retard vote?LOL. These general election match-up polls and low favorability numbers with the general electorate are JUST LIKE what he faced in GOP primary polls and the Primary electorate when he first jumped into the race, and look how quickly and effortlessly he climbed out of that hole. Just LOL if you think the general electorate of drooling imbeciles is going to be immune to the next phase of Trump's campaign, and if you think these idiots will stump Trump and he will suddenly lose his ability to discern EXACTLY what people want to hear and EXACTLY what will turn people off of other candidates.Pray for Zodiac Killer to win Iowa and somehow springboard to the nomination if you want Clinton to win the general election. Trump will destroy her.
MY NAME IS JANE DOE. I LIKE BUYING AND READING THE GOSSIP MAGAZINES IN THE SUPERMARKET CHECK-OUT AISLE. I SCREWED A 28 YEAR OLD AND GOT PREGNANT WITH MY 1ST KID WHEN I WAS SIXTEEN AND DID NOT FINISH HIGH SCHOOL. I LIKE WATCHING THE VIEW AND AMERICAN IDOL. I WASTE HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS A MONTH ON CIGARETTES AND LOTTO TICKETS. I SAVE NOTHING FOR MY FUTURE. I AM STILL A FRONT LINE RETAIL EMPLOYEE AFTER ALL THESE YEARS WITHOUT PROMOTION BECAUSE I HAVE NEVER MASTERED THE HIGHLY TECHNICAL SKILLS OF SHOWING UP TO WORK ON TIME CONSISTENTLY, FOLLOWING ORDERS, AND TREATING CUSTOMERS WITH A PLEASANT ATTITUDE. I AM SO GODDAMN STUPID IT'S MIND BOGGLING, BUT AT LEAST I'M NOT AS STUPID AS THE DEMOCRAT RETARDS WHO ARE COUNTING ON ME AND ACTUALLY BELIEVE THAT I WILL BE IMMUNE TO TRUMP'S CHARMS.
Look at it. Just look at it.
Hillary Clinton - "Despite them giving me millions of dollars I actually have fought against Wall-Street. I championed [insert gobbeledy-gook bills here] in the Senate. Blah blah blah blah blah boring robot technocrat speech.Donald Trump - "Hillary is so stupid. She was a DISASTER. We have to make America Great Again."Gee whiz, I wonder whose gonna close the deal with Mr. and Mrs. Dumb and Dumber watching at home.
I think Trump's economic nationalism is a good thing considering we have been skull-fucking the American worker for years now.You can't claim to support the working man while also being pro-amnesty and weak on deporting ILLEGAL immigrants, and also taking money from and social support from trendy tech and entertainment companies that commit fraud and abuse our visa programs to replace Americans with imported foreign labor.The Hitler and Nazi crap is getting old. I know Nazi Germany pretty well, not from Wikipedia bullshit but from an actual history degree program and focusing on Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union and writing papers on this shit. I could make a pretty strong case for how Clinton is closer to the Nazis than Trump but I won't because it's fucking retarded considering neither wants to or will build concentration camps and murder millions of Americans.People comparing Trump to Nazis for wanting to enforce immigration law, especially in light of how liberal our immigration laws are and how lax our enforcement is compared to most of the rest of the world (including our southern neighbors) are fucking stupid.If you believe people who break our immigration laws and enter the U.S. illegally or stay in the U.S. after visa expiration illegally deserve special treatment and a free pass, then fine, says so and state your case as to why. But spare me the once laughable and now annoying drama queen hysterics comparing Trump to the fascists of early 20th century Europe.
You don't understand you monster if you enforce the law and deport an illegal alien it will tear apart their family just like any American's family would be torn apart if they were sent to prison for breaking the law but that's totally different because *reasons*
Trump support was a gimmick but somewhere along the way I decided I was actually going to vote for this beautiful madman.Serious for a moment: I think Trump is completely full of shit on a lot of his "conservative" positions and that other candidates would be FAR more likely to actually reduce MY family's income tax burden, aggressively combat unconstitutional state and local laws that violate the second amendment, reduce federal spending and return us to the GOP fiscal restraint of the 1990s, etc. I also, however, think he is 100% genuine when it comes to his economic nationalism and despite the tired stereotype of Republicans not caring about others I actually really fucking care a lot about my fellow American and am willing to eschew candidates more likely to personally benefit me financially or strongly crusade for my pet constitutional issue in favor of helping my fellow man get out from under the boot of the Bushes, the Clintons, the GOP, the DNC, Wall-Street, and all of the free-traders and open borders globailists who are destroying them. I actually do care about the black Americans in inner cities missing out on jobs at places like linen services for example where most of the jobs are going to people from places like Guatemala. I actually do care about tech dweebs on the left coast who train their replacements and then have their lives torn apart economically. I actually do care about people in my part of the country who are less fortunate than me.Donald Trump is an ass-hole of the highest order and absolutely a phony when it comes to his conservative turn. But I am convinced he's genuine when it comes to saving this country and saving the American worker from screwing they've been getting for a LONG, LONG time.We can focus on getting a budget slashing, bill of rights crusading, conservative champion for POTUS AFTER Trump if he wins.But there's no point in fighting for conservative principles if they're going to be instituted in a country that has become a festering 3rd world shit-hole.Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush are more of the same shit. Bernie Sanders is a joke who would just put the decline on fast forward by taxing the shit out of the middle class directly, and indirectly via insane deficits.There's only one serious candidate when it comes to serving the AMERICAN people, and ironically enough it's the least serious guy in the race overall.I don't think I'm "stooping" down like some of the conservative wonks on TV and at the National Review think it would be to support Trump. I don't look down on the people whose interests he will serve, I love them and understand that my life would be shit without all the hard work they do. Or sadly USED to do in all to many cases.
And of course I would be remiss if I left out the fact that, YES, on some primal level, I really do find great satisfaction in seeing Trump shit all over the corrupt political class slime like Bush and Clinton, seeing him piss of the annoying cry-baby politically correct SJWs, seeing him run circles around the morally bankrupt media, and seeing him laugh in their faces and flash his shit-eating grin at them when they impotently try to take him down.It's an immature emotional response, but I'm only human. Fuck all of these ass-holes they deserve every ounce of shit Trump force feeds them.
Pretty much. For example, the GOP SEVERELY underperforms with white voters in rust belt states vs. how they perform elsewhere in the country.My unscientific guess is that the GOP's traditional message to unions and labor of "go fuck yourselves" is likely responsible for this phenomenon.Along comes Trump saying unions are "great" and he's worked well with them and they built some of his "beautiful buildings," as well as proposing a platform of economic nationalism.
According to my Facebook feed Donald Trump spent the night at . . . . a HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS.How? How could he stoop to this?!?!?!
Supporting the enforcement of our laws and deportation of illegal aliens does not mean one doesn't see deportees as people with hopes, dreams, and families. Nor does it mean you're a racist who is only OK with European immigration of the past but not any future immigration from non-whites.I have hopes, dreams, and a family and if I commit some white collar crime and get 5 years in the pokey, SURPRISE it will suck for me and my family. That's what happens when you break the law - there are often consequences. I don't agree with Trump 100%, I'd make exceptions and not deport ALL people here illegally, but it's just a disagreement and his zero tolerance position is 100% justifiable and a valid opinion and position.
How timely that this is the first link on Drudge Report right now:http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/26/u...immigrants.htmlThis shit HAS to stop. Thankfully future President Donald J. Trump is on the case:
I'm SORT OF for single payer.What I am terrified of is some system where you have NO CHOICE but to use it because private insurance/private healthcare services are a thing that only exists for/is only affordable to the 1% or not at all.I think we should let non old people "buy" into medicare with an income-based premium, similar to the income based student loan repayment programs. Eliminates the waste associated with running Medicaid because poor people would pay a $0 premium for medicare. But it would have to have a requirement to adjust the formula every year so the program runs in the black and doesn't artificially undercut and destroy the private option. Also a requirement that doctors and providers are still free to operate outside the system and offer services privately and not participate in medicare if they choose.I don't want to be punished for helping others by being herded into universal healthcare against my choice.
Donald Trump is going to be the next president.Just LOL at all the delusional people who still don't get it. "UH, UH, UH he doesn't poll well with the general electorate and has high unfavorables"You mean just like the hole he found himself in with the GOP when he entered the race?Do you morons really think the greatest showman of our generation won't have an equally impressive act prepared for his next character - GENERAL ELECTION Trump???That he won't be able to overcome his TINY deficit vs. Hillary in general election match-up polls, the woman who he has BARELY crop-dusted so far, and not yet dumped all over like he has Bush and Cruz? The idiot felon who couldn't handle 2008 empty suit Obama's boring "hope and change" shtick???Okay. You precious little darlings just keep whispering sweet nothings into each others' ears about how everything will be OK once the general election arrives.
I roasted some chicken breasts with lemon and herbs.Sodium filled frozen meals are for the weak, and unbecoming of members of the superior American race.I must be strong in both mind AND body if I am to help our great leader make America great again.
This time 4 years ago, Gingrich had a 2 point RCP national lead.8 years ago, Giuliani had a 4 point RCP lead.Both were already in decline.Donald J. Trump today has a SEVENTEEN point RCP lead with no sign of decline.ANY DAY NOW....
Huffpo Poll tracker of ONLY non-partisan likely voter polls shows an identical 17 point lead to RCP.http://elections.huffingtonpost.com...ich,Rubio,Trump
Whether or not she's in deep shit depends SOLELY on the director of the FBI and the attorney general.There is NO intent element to the crime and there is already more than enough information out in the public with which to convict her, nevermind anything the public doesn't know yet. We know FOR A FACT she violated the law. Whether she meant to, whether or not materials were clearly marked as classified when she sent or received them, whether or not she even knew at the time that this shit was on the PRIVATE E-MAIL SERVER she had set up to circumvent the government's system, is relevant ONLY to public opinion and totally IRRELEVANT in terms of the law. The only question is whether or not she will, as a major candidate for President and the obvious heir to leadership of the party post-Obama, receive special treatment & a pass.And she only needs it from ONE of the 2 aforementioned people. FBI doesn't refer = she gets away with it. FBI refers BUT AG declines to prosecute = she gets away with it.
What I'm trying to say is that Hillary Clinton is fine. LOL at anyone dumb enough to believe her royal highness is in any danger whatsoever.
It would be less of a shitstorm than nominating Bernie Sanders though, and the Dems just need to turn out their base to win the electoral map. These people will handwave away the AG not prosecuting just like they have already hand-waved away the known fact that Clinton is a corrupt scum bag with zero respect for the American public. They'll follow her lead with the tired old vast right wing conspiracy playbook. It doesn't matter how respected and above board some public servant they've never heard of is, he will be written off as an anti-Clinton right-winger.
I honestly wouldn't blame the FBI director for sitting on his thumbs and doing nothing. Why bother doing the right thing if (a) nothing will come of it and, (b) you will destroy your own life by doing so.There's nothing wrong with refusing to engage in futility and be devoured by a corrupt government and corrupt people. Better to just stand aside and make way for someone else, someone who is strong enough to withstand the Clintons and the Obama administration, a man of the people who shows no fear and shows no mercy either, a man with the power and the sheer will to destroy our oppressors.A man who can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
LOL. He couldn't even stand up to a couple of brain dead fat cows who stole his mic.
LOL sounds like it will be a riot. We're a bit south of there and my wife works half days on Wednesdays. I joked about us making a family trip.I went to a Bush rally in 2004 with my then boss' husband, so I've had the experience. NEVER AGAIN. What a pain in the ass. Boggles my mind all the people who think folks who show up for rallies won't turn out to vote. Showing up to vote is SO MUCH EASIER and infinitely more pleasant. I look forward to it every election.
I can't wait to watch Trump's CNN/Wounded Warrior benefit rally on Thursday. Especially since these GOP and media elite IDIOTS not only are keeping Kasich in the debate yet again, but also adding Rand Paul back in.Get a clue dummies: (a) no one wants to hear these losers blabbing and wasting valuable time, (b) the more crowded the debates are the more it helps Trump anyway.
I cannot wait to see all the blind Democrat partisans hit over their thick skulls with the reality that Hillary Clinton is no smarter or better than Jeb Bush or Zodiac Killer.Clinton is a lightweight who lost to an empty-suit nobody in 2008, and now with a SECOND coronation prepared for her is once again teetering on losing the nomination, this time to cranky old hippie grandpa. No one snatches defeat from the clutches of victory served on a silver platter like Hillary Clinton. And yet so many have deluded themselves into thinking Trump will somehow be stumped by her.Get a clue folks. Hillary Clinton is NOT a better campaigner or stronger candidate than Jeb Bush or Zodiac Killer.
He only appeals to the general electorate and typical "swing voters" & "undecideds" ???OH NO, WHAT WILL HE DO???
http://www.realclearpolitics.com/ep...inton-5491.htmlOH NO JUST LOOK AT THAT INSURMOUNTABLE LEAD CLINTON HAS BUILT BEFORE TRUMP EVEN PULLS OUT HIS GENERAL ELECTION ACT.SURELY THE GREATEST SHOWMAN AND MEDIA MANIPULATOR OF OUR TIME CANNOT OVERCOME A 2 POINT DEFICIT IN THE NEXT 9 MONTHS AGAINST SUCH A SHITTY LOSER CANDIDATE UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION.IT'S NOT LIKE TRUMP HAS ALREADY PULLED OFF A 40 POINT SWING VS THE BUSH DYNASTY AND AN 18 POINT SWING VS CLINTON IN THE LAST 6 MONTHS.
Hillary Supporters are even dumber than Iowans who will vote for Donald "Iowans are so stupid" Trump.She openly disdains all of us, and is demonstrably a trash candidate with a track record of stupendous failure, and these blind clowns think she's superwoman. She's a LIGHTWEIGHT compared to the likes of Jeb and Cruz.
It's going to be awesome when Trump pulls his general election turn and starts making fun of Hillary for being weak and not taking on and standing down FOX News like he did.
This guy is a low energy loser with JEB! nerd glasses.Plus AMERICA'S MAYOR Rudy Giuliani is up next to endorse Trump.
Loving this P-I-P with Trump's greatest hits and heavy metal background music.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dl_34BeiMvgTRUMP!!!!
Seriously, is there a youtube video somewhere of this greatest hits compilation right side broadcasting has in the corner of the feed? I want to post it to my liberal facebook "friends" walls.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dl_34BeiMvgHeavy Metal & TRUUUUUUMMMMMPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!!!
Giuliani - Black Head of Corrections Workers Union in NY is going to endorse Trump.
LOOK AT ALL THESE BIG STRONG (WHITE) ATHLETES
Why is there a cripple in Trump's master race ensemble??????????
I cannot fuckin' WAIT for February 20th to get here.TRUUUUUMMMMPPPP!!!!!
GET EM OUT! GET THE HELL OUTTA HERE!!!"TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP"
I love America so damn much.GOD BLESS EVERYONE
Trump is at the top of his game.Move over JEB! Move over Ted. Move over Bill Clinton. Move over Nabisco. Make room for FOX News, whom Trump is about to slam dunk into the garbage bin with you.
Jesus Trump is on FIRE tonight.He's picking up the torch from great American and champion T*m Br*dy, who fell a little short this year.The greats are at their greatest in the clutch. 6 days until D-Day, and Trump is firing on all cylinders.RIP THE WHISTLE RIGHT OUT OF HIS MOUTH!!!!
I WILL NOT LOWER EXPECTATIONS. I WANT TO WIN IOWA. WE CAN RUN THE TABLE
For Christ's sake someone just give me my ballot already.TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!
Obama's brownshirts just made a move on Ammon Bundy & co. in Burns, Oregon and shot and killed one of them.
Indeed. Trump +10
"Obama won't call radical Islamic terrorism by its name but he'll have Americans protesting government overreach shot and killed."This shit writes itself.Local aw enforcement in the county wanted the Feds to leave since they could handle it since the Bundy people were peaceful. In fact, they were freely moving around and were leaving the federal facility to attend a town hall meeting with local residents. Moronic move by the feds to both ignore local law enforcement, AND escalate the situation leading to them KILLING one of the protesters.
LOL, he has not only faced her, he's publicly insulted and humiliated her and then refused to apologize, calling everyone else "degenerates" for insinuating he meant anything vulgar.
Well, if MSNBC carried the Trumptacular, I would actually watch MSNBC instead of FOX.It would a big opportunity for them to get eyes on their product and try to convince people to come back for more.
There's a female witness saying that the Bundy protester that was killed was cooperating, had his hand up in the air, and was shot 3 times.Obama doesn't just want to destroy Americans' lives via open borders and flooding the job market with cheap immigrant labor/future democrat voters, he wants to kill us by letting in Muslim jihadists and ordering his feds to gun down Americans.We have to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.Elect Trump.
Bashing Trump will hurt book sales, not help them, for Carson.Rubio is lazy as hell and wants the ultimate do-nothing-if-you-like-but-be-considered-really-fucking-important-anyway job of Vice President of the United States.I'm a huge prick.
I too have broken through the great barrier of doubt.I have no doubts.His divine plan may at times be beyond our mortal comprehension, but it cannot be stumped.
Probably. He has 13 million weekly listeners apparently, I wonder how many weekly viewers FOX News has???
Like I said yesterday, it's going to be awesome when Trump slams Hillary Clinton for being a coward too afraid to ever face Fox News while he took them on and stood them down.Throw in some lines about her ugly little attack dog DWS controlling the DNC and limiting the debates for her as well.
It's also B.S. propaganda."These people are racists, have this random fact about illegal immigrants not even being allowed to collect welfare" Never mind no one is talking about this but rather the very real phenomenon of both blue collar and white collar American workers facing declining wages and unemployment in the face of a labor surplus and a government piling on by not only refusing to enforce our laws and deport 11 million illegals, but actively participating with corporations in screwing the American worker and importing scab labor.
The free market of GOP primary voters has spoken. No main stage handouts for losers.
Rush delving into anti-Trump conspiracy theories now. Going back to the August debate.
FOX News: STUMPED
The likely voter polls on RCP from the last week has Trump at over 30% in New Hampshire. I can believe the Bush surge against fellow 'tards Kasich and Rubio, but not Trump fallint to 25%
I THOUGHT it was going to be Cruz, but then he went and bit his master's hand. Rubio meanwhile has shifted to coasting through the primary and running for VP, and keeps hand-waiving away Donald's antics when being given the chance to pounce. Unlike Cruz, Rubio has cleaned up his act after Trump hit him in the nose with a rolled up newspaper a bit back.Rubio has been a very good boy and I think he is going to get a treat for his behavior. Trump rewards obedience as much as he punishes defiance.
Not me. I don't have cats and dogs. Because I am a human, and I live in a house and not a fucking barn or zoo filled with animal hair, sweat, piss, and stink.
Ok I have to admit that was a good one. Reminded me of my favorite all time quote about my home, the greatest state in the U.S.A.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_L._Petigru"South Carolina is too small for a republic and too large for an insane asylum."
I watched over an hour of MSNBC today.I had no idea there was a weeknight version of MTP with Chuck Todd, nor that the Bloomberg TV show with Halperin was on MSNBC.I had to miss the last half of that one since the panel on FOX nightly news starts at around 6:30-6:40Why doesn't MSNBC throw their primetime clowns into the garbage and put on more of this kind of programming??? Like O'Reilly tries to pretend to be down the middle sometimes, Chris Matthews and Rachael Maddow are just balls to the walls insane left wingers, and the kind of people who watch cable news rather than American Idol in primtetime aren't buying what they're selling.
You'd probably love Greenville too if you're left-winger who things SC sucks.I avoid Greenville like the plague. Fucking gentrified, hipster central, inflated real estate, constant construction and expansion bull shit.
Charlotte. Don't even get me started. I'd rather have to live in Greenville than spend 5 minutes in Charlotte.The only positive is that across the border South Carolina was bright enough to build enough lanes on the freeway leading to Charlotte. On the NC side? HAH!!! Huge swath of 2 lanes only each way on both 85 and 77 since NC has been infested over the years with idiot democrat yankee carpet baggers who brought the same politics with them that drove them out of their shitty yankee states. Hey, let's not use tax payer money on appropriate things like properly sized roads for traffic flow, lets throw around handouts to deadbeats and get elected as Democrats to the state house.
I will confide my deep, dark secret with all of you. I was born (shudders) across the border. In North Carolina. I am a refugee, not a South Carolinean by birth. Thankfully we don't have a wall yet since SC needs easy access to steal all the good football players for our schools.
LOL No. I'm not a chump who works for free or even low wages. I don't get off my ass for less than $50 an hour.The only freebie I'm throwing Trump's way is wearing his hat on the 20th when we take a family trip to our voting place.
The pivot begins. Trump stumping on women's health funding and "taking care of everyone"

WOAH. Do me now forums user "Oiled and Ready."
TRUMP!!!!!(Goodnight everyone. See you in the AM)
Trump Post from my FaceBook feed:https://www.donaldtrumpforvets.com/https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump...src=twsrc%5Etfw
Enforcing our immigration laws, which are among the more liberal in the world, is not "ethnic cleansing"
You forgot wearing brown face on Univision. That's the moment my brain broke in 2012.
Uh, there is no single ethnicity comprising the population of persons illegally in the U.S.I would hazard a guess that 75%+ are some form of "latino," but unless and until President Trump starts deporting them all while at the same time making exceptions for any Europeans or Asians illegally here, you assertion is horse-shit.
Insane is the only way to describe it.Supporting enforcement of our existing and very generous immigration laws and not supporting special treatment for people who break our immigration laws can only be described as "racist" "ethnic cleansing" etc. by people who are completely fucked up in the head.It's absurd. We are suddenly a nation of hysterical crybabies who respond to any disagreement with over the top hyperbole.
Actually there isn't, "illegal alien" is not an ethnicity. People who illegally enter the U.S. and people who illegally overstay visas in the U.S. are not an ethnicity.
If American citizens commit crimes and get separated from their families and sent to jail its justice. If non-Americans commit the crime of illegally entering the U.S. or overstaying a visa and get separated from their families and merely sent back to their country of citizenship, why, it's NAZI HITLER RACIST ETHNIC CLEANSING!!!!!!
If Trump is going to go to the debate afterward, he should walk over there. With everyone at his rally in tow.https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Iow...38!2d41.6012863
Turn left "The Saurus" Nooooooooooooo
I can't believe Trump is coming out on top in all of this.CNN literally sucked his dick for an hour leading up to the Trumptacular.FOX News literally played video clips of Zodiac Killer showing he's a liar during the debate.Cruz and Rubio have been knifing each-other, while Rand knifes them both and Christie scolds them.Jeb Bush actually looks like a passable candidate in the absence of Trump crapping on him, which can only hurt the other establishment candidates in New Hampshire.The last 2 winners of Iowa willingly let Trump use them as pawns in his gambit.All Hail Lord President Trump the Unstumpable.
We have to stop. We have to stop questioning him. He is all knowing and all seeing.You can't stump the Trump people. You just can't do it.Don't set yourselves up for pain by holding onto the lie that Hillary and the mouth breathing general electorate are the fire wall that will save you.There is nothing on this earth or in the heavens that can stump Trump.Accept Lord President Trump into your hearts. Resistance is futile.
Trump is going to get 40% in Iowa on Monday and Rinse Pubis is going to give himself lead poisoning.TRUMP!!!
Swerving to avoid an idiot who jumped in front of their SUV and then placing his hands in the air was a fatal mistake IMHO.Should have rioted and looted the local town and chanted rancher lives matter.
That was a joke by the way before one of the "enforcing immigration laws = genocide" crybabies has a fit.
The weird thing about this is I watched it live, and as a Republican I thought nothing of it and never dreamed it would hurt him. Watching it happen in real time, I just though he was very passionate about the campaign and I didn't equate getting fired up at a rally to being a madman not fit for the presidency.I would never vote for him and disagree with him most of the time obviously, but I found him personally likeable and was bewildered the Democrats abandoned him and went with John Kerry, literally the worst candidate in my adult life of watching politics, in a winnable race. I think Dean could have beaten W.
3 days out from the Iowa Caucus in 2012, Romney led with 22% support in the polls. He essentially tied, and was in fact at first mistakenly declared the winner before Santorum was ultimately found to have narrowly won days (weeks?) later.3 Days out from the Iowa Caucus in 2008, Huckabee led with 28.3% support in the polls. He won.3 days out from the Iowa Caucus in 2016, Trump leads with 33% support in the polls.http://www.realclearpolitics.com/co..._2012_2008.htmlThe man who many hope has a chance to unseat him just got stabbed in the back for 2 hours last night and shown a video during the debate of what a lying weasel he is, while Trump raised Millions for Vets and took zero shots last night.WRAP IT UP.
"Undocumented immigrant" is bull-shit propaganda designed to create the impression that there is nothing wrong with what they're doing. It's sounds like a paperwork snafu. The term "illegal immigrant" is a succinct and accurate descriptor. Someone who immigrated to the country illegally.
MEXICO!!!
Pretty much as long as we're in the economic situation we are in.You don't run the heater in your house when it's July and 90 degrees out.You run the heater in your house when it's January and it's 30 degrees outside.You don't deport people and you do bring in more people when your have a booming economy that is also accompanied by labor shortages.You do deport people and you don't bring more in when you have a poor economy that is also accompanied by labor surplus.We have a historically unprecedented surplus of labor and continue to undergo a historically unprecedented and sustained decline in LFPR. And the argument that it's baby boomers retiring and young people getting advanced degrees is bunk, because if you ignore overall LFPR which is at around a 4 decade low and look only at LFPR for the "working age" population, it is at around 3 decade low. U3 unemployment has literally been rendered a useless measure, because the constant that was always part of the equation in the past, constant or rising participation, has been removed. And you don't have to take my word for it, just look at the behavior of the American consumer, which looks nothing like what you have in a full employment economy. And we're just talking about unemployment, never mind underemployment and stagnant wages.We have absurdly high unemployment among black Americans in black neighborhoods in urban centers, and facilities in those same neighborhoods employing people from various South American countries that were not born in the U.S. It is a JOKE. We have an absurdly high number of STEM graduates who CANNOT get work in a STEM related job, and we have employers bringing in foreigners on visas to fill STEM job AND bringing in foreigners on visas to be trained by American employees, who will be laid-off as soon as they train their foreign born replacements. It is a JOKE.
Right, so no problemo since Mrs. Clinton conducted herself in a lawful manner and conducted the the American peoples' business as Sec. State on the provided government sever(s).Oh. Wait....
AMEN BROTHER.The GOP must be destroyed. It can't be cured, it can't be fixed, it must be DESTROYED and rebuilt from the ground up.After Trump secures the nomination and turns to destroying the Clintons and the Democratic party, true patriots will also need to get hard to work rebuilding the GOP after Trump takes out the trash.
Trump's lead over Rubio in Iowa is double what Romney's lead was over Santorum 3 days out.We'll see.Bush and Kasich are ahead of him in NH, not just Trump and Cruz.
Finally, some evidence to back up my theory that Trump could do REALLY well in the rust belt and maybe even put blue states into play for the GOP.
That would make no sense.So it's going to happen.TRUMP!!!
Holy shit. I'm watching Megyn Kelly on FOX - they're going to have more footage from Luntz's most recent TOTALLY ORGANIC AND NOT STAGED focus group that they had last night. He actually brought Rubio into the room apparently. Commercial break right now, but the teaser showed Rubio being addressed by one of Luntz's RANDOMLY CHOSEN AND CERTAINLY NOT HANDPICKED participants.
You should care because Luntz is a tool of the establishment and you can bet your ass that his focus group results are a great way to anticipate what's coming.I'd bet they're thinking about giving another try pushing Rubio.
LOL. Luntz focus group. 3 people raised hands as supporting Rubio at the start of the night. Half the room then raised hands for supporting him after watching the debate.YEP. It's official. The establishment is going to give lazy Marco Rubio another firm shove in the back.Problem is, no one seems to be talking about the fact that when you break down poll cross-tabs, Trump scores big with moderates. Since he is a moderate after all.
Germans are scum and them giving opinions about potential leader selections for other nations is a joke.
Anyone who isn't so far left they're willing to try and take my SCARY ASSAULT WEAPONS OF WAR or force me into single-payer or raise federal tax brackets to absurd heights.Unless they're Islamic Fundamentalists or Germans or Japanese. Fuck 'em. The former wants me to submit or die, the latter 2 could have killed me if they had managed to bag either of my grandpas who were in Europe and the Pacific. Also the latter 2 flood our great nation with their trash cars.
Selzer poll drops today, correct?I am tingling with anticipation.
The GOP establishment is pinning their hopes on a strong 3rd place showing in Iowa.LOL.Just stop fighting and making us kick you while you're down. Face the music. WE'RE in charge now.TRUMP!!!
I'm buying the hat to wear on primary day.Unfortunately my wife is pretty set on voting for Rubio.I should have gotten her an absentee ballot so I could fill it out properly for her.Oh well. Rubio has NO shot in SC.
I was watching the Mark Halperin Bloomber show yeterday and they had attended a breakfast with Cruz's campaign manager Jethro.I would bet these scummy mailers were targeted at the right people. The guy had exact figures for number of voters waffling between Cruz and Rubio, Cruz and Carson, and Cruz and Trump. 2,000+ Rubio, 3,000+ Carson, 9,000+ Trump. Seemed like they were seriously on the ball when it comes to data.
Because it's a poll that is typically VERY accurate. This isn't some outside or national polling firm, it's from someone who lives in Iowa and has a great track record, although not perfect (missed on Kerry winning Iowa in 04 IIRC)
I like Joementum. He's the best poster in this thread. I just like giving him a hard time because it's funny when the teacher is wrong once in a blue moon and the students can mock him.When Lord President Trump wins and deports that Bimbo Megyn Kelly to Trumptanamo Bay, Cuba, Fox will have a 9pm time slot opening.Perhaps the leader will reward me with the spoils of war. Joementum and I could do a tag-team show. He's the liberal goober dork straight-man who is annoyingly reasonable, and I can be the crotchety off-color every-man conservative, kind of like a Republican Bob Beckel.
Joementum - "Well, uh, it looks like planning for the Trump wall is proceeding, but the topic remains controversial. How much more strain can relations with Mexico take? Can we really afford to begin mass deportations? Can we accept the human traged....Boosted - *roll's eyes and shakes head* "SOUNDS LIKE SOMEONE DOESN'T WANT TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"Studio audience erupts in chants of USA!!!! USA!!!!! while Joementum sheepishly shuffles his papers and quietly contemplates whether he should accept the sweet release of death, or whether, in fact, he has already died and gone to hell.
The biggest reason why Trump is going to win is on display in this thread constantly."People support Trump because they're racist! Stupid!" "Trump only appeals to people in a GOP primary! Only GOP hicks!"Keep telling yourselves that and watch him steamroll in the general election.The only correct part of this line of thinking is that Trump is succeeding because of stupidity. That is 100% true. But not the stupidity of millions of Americans who are struggling and suffering and have seen ZERO improvement in their economic fortunes over the past 8 years. The stupidity of the "leaders" and politicians in this country that are stupid enough to lie to these peoples' faces and tell them everything is great, or even though it's not great they're so much better off and on the right path and just give them a little more time.The stupidity of telling people whose wages have declined and/or whose jobs have evaporated because of unfair trade, illegal immigration and flooding the labor pool with cheap unskilled labor, and visa abuse and flooding the white collar pool with cheap foreign imports, that they have a problem with our immigration policies because they're RAYYYYYSSISSSST.I humbly submit that a strategy of shitting in the American peoples' mouths and telling them it's delicious chocolate is not a winning move, and that people may be a little more forgiving to someone who is a gigantic ass-hole but owns it, and tells them that no, it's not their fault the economy is shit, they're not imagining their shit fortunes, yes in fact they are being shat on, and it's time to do something about it.
It's complete horse-shit is what it is. Just because leftists circle jerk each other all day long and tell each other this crap doesn't mean it's true.Thanks for demonstrating my point.Keep right on living in your bubble where everything you believe is right and true and everyone outside your bubble or on the "other team" is obviously racist/stupid/whatever.
The problem with Rubio is going to be Trump's huge head start and momentum.First off, 3-2-1 ain't happening. Rubio isn't going to beat Trump in South Carolina.After that you've got the Nevada Caucus. Let's give Rubio the benefit of the doubt, and assume best case scenario vs. Trump - Trump loses Iowa to Cruz, and Rubio manages to win the Nevada caucus because of the same factors leading Trump not to win the Iowa caucus.It's Trump still the clear front-runner with 2 states under his belt, and Rubio only has 1 AND still has to try and fight Cruz at the same time for anti-Trump voters.Then it's March 1st, and a metric shit-ton of states where Rubio/the establishment has no chance to beat Trump, just like in South Carolina. The establishment crown will be Rubio's kiss of death here:Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Georgia, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas.Even if we assume Rubio wins ALL of VA, VT, CO, MN, MA, you still have Trump dominating him with more wins on Super Tuesday. And who's to say Trump won't win some of those states, where he may lose the edge of the "establishment" label hurting Rubio, but could gain an edge from the fact that he is, in fact, more moderate than Rubio across ALL issues.
All those idiot people posted over the past few pages?Yeah, THOSE are the types of people you President Trump deniers are counting on to save you in the general election.Actually if those people are actually participating in the primaries/caucuses, they're MORE INTELLIGENT than a sample of typical general election voters.GOOD LUCK. HILLARY AND THE GENERAL POPULACE WILL SAVE YOU. YES INDEED. HAHAHAHAHAHA
God I can't wait until Trump is declared the CLEAR winner tonight.The final hold-outs will finally have the blind-fold removed from their eyes and come face to face with reality.Donald Trump is going to be the next President of the United States.TRUMP!!!
Oh crap. What's with these late Iowa polls showing a Rubio surge???http://www.realclearpolitics.com/ep...aucus-3194.htmlThey're trash, right? Emerson has a C+ from 538 and Opinion Savvy isn't even listed.DON'T SCREW THIS UP IOWA YOU FLYOVER COUNTRY HICK GARBAGE PEOPLE VOTE FOR A WINNER THIS TIME.
Give him what he wants.He wants so desperately to be a savior. His Messiah complex is like no other.Give him what he really wants.CRUCIFY HIM!!!!!!
Zodiac Killer bit the hand that feeds him. His supporters like Mark Levin followed suit. Even now they throw stones at the Trump faithful.Their betrayal cannot be tolerated. Crucify Zodiac Killer, and chain his howler Monkey Mark Levin to the base of his cross, for any and all of the faithful to spit on and admonish.Little boy Rubio took his discipline well, and has been on his best behavior since the leader hit him on the nose. His loyalty shall be rewarded with Ted's VP spot. Rubio responded so well to corrective discipline, I have high hopes he will respond well to the lessons he must be taught on border security and making illegals GET OUT, GET THE HELL OUT.For their obedience, Santorum and Huckabee as well will be rewarded. Perhaps a pet JEB! and pet Rand would suit them? I hear the Huckabee clan LOVES pets.
Donald Trump is going to be President and palm reading is legit and real.I love this earth.
The way to beat him is at his own game.No one is going to beat him by being a stupid policy wonk nerd. You take Trump down by concern trolling him like he has done to JEB! and Cruz.- "Defend" Trump's ego publicly by pointing out that he has to defend himself from unfair attacks on the fact that he isn't self-made and inherited a fortune from his millionaire father. Pivot it to a campaign issue and talk about how the left unfairly demonizes wealthy people as being lucky when most of them work and build their fortunes from nothing, and that people like Paris Hilton and Donald Trump are the exception to the rule. Then pivot back to concern trolling Trump and how the left also will use anything they can to tear down successful people, and how you understand where he's coming from. He has to brag about his wealth as a defense mechanism because mean democrats will unfairly use the fact that he inherited hundreds of millions against him.Ditto everything else. Defend him insulting other people's appearances by concern trolling about the unfair insults over his stubby fingers and balding.
Hire me JEB! and dump millions into my bank account. The results can't possibly be any worse than what you've gotten for your money so far.I love Trump but I love money even more. I'll sell him out for fifty pieces of silver.
Pretty interesting read:http://www.politico.com/story/2016/...ump-iowa-218510Sounds like the Clintons are going to trot out the Romney playbook against Trump.This is like some sort of idiot reverse racism, like all rich white guys are the same.Just LOL if they think they can rehash the Romney strategy and make it work against Trump.They're fucked. I guarantee you their blind partisan loyalists are too stupid to realize America LUSTS for the Clintons to be destroyed just like the Bushs.Trump is going to give his audience the spectacle they long for. His final act is going to be defacing and destroying the ULTIMATE symbol of political power, political favoritism, special interest influence, wealthy donors, and unethical corruption in America today - the Clintons.POLICY. DOES. NOT. MATTER.Trumps foibles and faux pas DO. NOT. MATTER.The American people have a blood-lust for politics and politicians, and for the first time someone has come along to wet their appetite, to give them a taste of what they crave. And they LOVE it. They want MORE. And they will have more.Hail Satan.
I wish I had bought the Donald Trump forums account a couple of years ago instead of Chris Christie. WELP.On the other hand, forums user Donald Trump is doing a great job. The best job.
Trump met expectations but Rubio exceeded them and Cruz crushed them.You can't overlook the fact that turnout was indeed record, and Trump's vote total is merely the second highest in GOP Iowa caucus victory.BUT Cruz's ground game, organization, and data were all legit and put on an amazing performance. His campaign will probably be the model for GOP candidates' Iowa strategy in the future, at least among those who take Iowa seriously.Expectations changed to Trump pulling this off in the final week or two, but for 2 months before that everyone though it would be Cruz 1, Trump 2, and then Trump would win NH and SC.I'm not trying to spin this, I WANTED Trump to pull of Iowa and sweep this thing, but having to actually compete somewhat for the nomination is hardly cause for panic.Cruz, Rubio, Bush, and Kasich are all hovering around 10% in NH while Trump is over 30%, and while Rubio will get an establishment push, Bush, Kasich, and Chirstie who is at 6-7% there are all banking on NH and will fight tooth and nail the next week, preventing Marco from getting anywhere close to 30%. Even though it's not strong territory for him, Cruz will probably perform better than Rubio there just because his lane isn't crowded and he now has a win under his belt. But i don't see him jumping 20% either. Even if we assume Trump's vote total will be off of his polling by as much as it was in Iowa, which is not a good assumption since NH is a primary and not a caucus, then Trump is going to get at least 28-29% of the vote in NH.That would make South Carolina the defining point early in the campaign. Trump vs. Cruz, each having 1 victory, in a state tailor made for them and a state that the establishment has NO traction or chance in. Trump's lead here is big too, BUT Cruz has a solid base of support at 20%+ so far in the polls here and winning Iowa will be a big boost.The establishment lane COMBINED does not have to votes to win the GOP nomination. The money and push will be behind Rubio now, but this race is between Trump and Cruz.
Yeah, both of these are true, so New Hampshire now already being less than a week away is crucial for Trump. There's not enough time for all of his luster to fade before he can pick up an actual win.I think.We'll know about Trump either way within the week. If he wins New Hampshire, everything is going as expected and he's the front-runner. If he loses, we all sing Joementum's praises and face reality that we do in fact live in a trash world where nothing cool and good will ever happen.But even with a New Hampshire win, he's is not going to coast easily to the nomination. He's going to have to battle Zodiac Killer. I think he wins the battle if he wins NH, but I don't think he'll just stroll past Cruz. Also little Marco will remain vessel for the establishment's pathetic refusal to give in to reality, and will remain a 3rd wheel sucking up big donor dollars and running attack ads against Trump and Cruz, so he'll play a role as well. And maybe win some random blue and swing states like Minnesota or Colorado or something.
Using RCP:Trump Iowa Results = 86.8% of poll supportCruz Iowa Results = 115.9% of poll supportRubio Iowa Results = 136.7% of poll supportApply these to RCP NH and SC averages and you get:NEW HAMPSHIRE:Trump - 28.8%Cruz - 13.3%Rubio - 13.0%SOUTH CAROLINA:Trump - 31.2%Cruz - 22.8%Rubio - 17.4%HOWEVER, there is bound to be some movement in the polls over the next week in NH, and 2 weeks in SC, based on the actual election results that happened in previous states, new donations and ads, debate performances, possible drop-outs after New Hampshire, etc.Trump and Trump voters cannot rest easy and will have to battle to keep front-runner status.
Crap, if Bush, Christie, and Kasich drop out after NH, their combined support in SC could push Rubio over 31% without any improvement from Rubio or undecided conversions.DAMN YOU JOEMENTUM
Christie is currently at 6.5% in NH, while Fiorina is at 3.5%Carson is in 4th place nationally, almost 5% ahead of 7th place Rand Paul.They'll both be in the debate.It's getting really fucking annoying that the stage is still crowded, but hey, it helps Trump so whatever.
The real question is how will they center them? Does Trump get the middle podium because of national or NH poll lead, or do they needle Trump by basing it off of Iowa results???
Yeah I don't what people are basing Rubio inevitability on when he trails in his home state of FL and Trump or Cruz will win IA, NH, and SC.Rubio has no path to win NH because NH is to Jeb, Kasich, & Christie what Iowa was to Cruz. Rubio would need all 3 to drop out after NH and all of their support to go to him just to pull even with Trump's current polling in SC.
ANECDOTAL EVIDENCE: Trump and Cruz aren't just winning the yard sign and bumper sticker race here, they're the ONLY ones in it.I have yet to see anything for Rubio. I did see one sign for Friend Ben at one point. Lot's of hicks with Trump signs and bumper stickers, some Cruz signs if I head to a decent sized town about 45 minutes away.
Cruz or Rubio erasing a 20% deficit in NH over the next few days would certainly be a lot of movement.Do you really think that's going to happen?
I apologize in advance for my behavior if this comes to pass.
Pollster on MTP Daily thinks Trump gets squeezed from the right and the center in NH and drops from low 30s to mid 20s.Still enough to win, I can live with that.
Save us from the Canuck Usurper Zodiac Killer and his loyal pet howler Monkey Mark Levin.Save us from the establishment and little Ricky Rubio.Lord President Trump, hear our Prayer.
I am really worried that Trump is going to lose NH to Rubio and/or SC to Cruz and the nomination to either.For God's sake New Hampshire, at least prove that stupid Yankees aren't as stupid as fat corn eating flyover country hicks in Iowa.Trump just needs to survive 2 more weeks until SC. If he wins NH he can turn that into holding his lead here. I will do my part here, do your part next week you pasty cold weather loving effeminate Yankee pussies.
My wife's steadfast insistence on voting Rubio is starting to aggravate me. If she absolutely won't vote Trump why can't she at least vote Cruz?!?!?!?!WE HAVE TO SECURE OUR BORDERS. WE HAVE TO DO IT. WE'RE NOT GOING TO HAVE A COUNTRY ANYMORE.
If Open Borders Marco Amnesty Rubio wins, he WILL be the LAST Republican POTUS, and within my lifetime SCOTUS will eventually be made up of 9 Democrat appointees.The second amendment will be destroyed without an actual constitutional amendment, but rather by Judicial fiat declaring it says the opposite of what it says and declaring it goes in the opposite direction from the intent of the Bill of Rights it is included in.The middle class will continue to be eviscerated via mass immigration of foreign scab labor. Wages will continue to decline or remain flat, LFPR will continue to fall, America will become a banana republic consisting of the tiny wealthy class, and the super-majority poverty class.This constitutional republic will fall.WE HAVE TO ACT NOW WE HAVE TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
I can't speak for IA or NH, but absolutely NOTHING in South Carolina.I got blasted with Christie ads months ago, then apparently he ran out of money. All I ever see these days are JEB! and Rubio ads. They're pretty terrible.
What ground game?He has no ground game here in SC like in IA.He needed small counties and evangelicals in Iowa. Well, guess what kind of town and county I live in. If I didn't follow politics and just stayed in a bubble here, I would have no idea Zodiac Killer existed.This is why people are a little premature in declaring Trump stumped. IA was a confluence of all the right things happening for the GOP to take him down, and they BARELY did. The remark about Trump performing as expected a month ago is only wrong because a month ago is too long. It's only been 3 weeks since Cruz was at 32% in Iowa polls.Trump no-showed to the Iowa debate, Iowa was a caucus which is a much more difficult contest for Trump than a primary, Zodiac Killer had probably the greatest GOP Iowa ground game in history, demonstrably had the best Iowa data and GOV effort in GOP Iowa history, Iowa is an evangelical & conservative state for the GOP electorate to a much greater extent than in most states, Donald Trump had zero ground game there and a few scattered crazy people as caucus leaders, and Trump did in fact manage to produce record turnout and get his voters out to caucus, racking up the second highest vote total in GOP Iowa caucus history, behind only Zodiac Killer;s amazing effort this year.Zodiac Killer may be in a bit better position here in SC than in New Hampshire, but a 16 point deficit is sill pretty big, 3x the deficit he faced in Iowa, and here he will not have the benefit of the caucus format OR of his Iowa ground game. He threw EVERYTHING into Iowa.His only hope of winning here is for Trump to LOSE New Hampshire. And Trump has a 20 point lead in New Hampshire at 32% to Cruz's 11%, and Marco Rubio is in 5th with about 9%. Rubio will obviously get a huge push and a lot of money this week, but Bush, Kasich, and Christie have a combined 25%+ in the polls there, have staked their campaigns there, and are going to fight tooth and nail to tear down Marco there and finish first in the establishment lane. Trump is still the most likely NH winner, which will make him the most likely SC winner if he does in fact win NH, which will make him the clear and then proven front-runner if he in fact wins both IA and NH.
Aside from being in a virtual 3-way tie in NH, Bush for some reason has 10% in the poll average here in SC. Maybe it's because his brother is popular here, I don't know.I would imagine the people he's paying for internal polling are telling him better numbers. Gotta keep that gravy flowing.
If all 2.8% of Paul's support in NH polls went to Zodiac Killer, that would actually be a good thing for Trump.If Cruz could somehow hold on to a 2nd place finish ahead of Rubio there, that would be a big black eye for Rubio and for his push as an alleged contender.The battle between Cruz and Rubio, and the battle between Rubio and Bush/Christie/Kasich in NH helps Trump.If Trump can hold onto just enough of his huge lead to win 2 more delegates than Cruz out of NH, he can walk into SC claiming front-runner status based not just on polls but actual delegate counts even though he and Cruz would both have 1 state win under their belts.
Nah, Cruz.It's amazing to me watching all the liberals in this thread and all the GOP establishment mouthpieces hype Rubio like he has a shot.Rubio + all establishment candidates COMBINED = well under 50% support.Cruz is the real threat, NOT Rubio. Cruz has a chance to bury Rubio NOW if he finishes 2nd ahead of Rubio in NH. OR if any other establishment guy finishes ahead of Rubio in NH.Donald Trump or Zodiac Killer will be the nominee. Rubio has no path to victory. He will get CREAMED on Super Tuesday. States that would favor him are too back-loaded, he'll be finished by then.Trump + Cruz + Carson have nearly 2/3 of the support nationally in the GOP.
Exactly. And Rubio's snowball strategy only works if he can pull 100% of the Bush/Kasich/Christie/Fiorina voters, AND on top of that pull a significant amount of Carson voters, AND on top of that convince Trump or Cruz voters to ditch them for Rubio.AND it all has to happen FAST.Rubio has to shoot one hell of a narrow gap to pull this off. I just don't get why people still aren't viewing Trump as the CLEAR front-runner. Trump is a national candidate, Cruz has no game in any of the other 49 states as good as in Iowa, and Cruz is the far right candidate with Trump closer to the middle on everything BUT immigration, which means if it comes down to Trump vs. Cruz Trump will have Cruz boxed out from the middle and Cruz will have to generate INSANE turnout among evangelicals and hard-core far right voters in every state just to have a chance to beat Trump in a 50 state primary.Almost everything has to go WRONG for Trump for Trump to lose.
It's been a rough 24-36 hours, but I have a spring in my step again.We CAN do this. We CAN MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!Keep the faith. Zodiac Killer may have won the Iowa battle he sunk EVERYTHING into, but the war is far from over.We can still live in a world where Donald Trump is President of the United States of America.TRUMP!!!!
No one I have ever supported/voted for in the GOP primary for President has EVER won the nomination.When there is more than one viable/serious candidate I don't support, the viable/serious candidate I least want has ALWAYS won the nomination.So I guess everyone should go buy shares of Rubio because I want him less than Cruz, and short shares of Trump because he's my guy.Well, if this was a normal year and if Trump was a normal candidate.IT'S NOT AND HE'S NOT WE ARE GOING TO TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK WE ARE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
LOL. Rush opened his show saying "it looks like Trump thinks he got schlonged in Iowa"Of course he quickly pivoted to a pro-Trump message. Trump complaining, threatening to sue, etc. is good because it proves he's not establishment because the GOP establishment never complains about anything people do to them.
JEB! coming in second place in NH would be like the best possible result for Trump.NO WAY he'd drop out before FL if that happened, and he and Rubio would drag eachother down there and allow Trump to include Florida in his super Tuesday haul and be able to beat down Marco the rest of the primary with losing his home state to Trump.Plus we already know JEB! poses zero threat to Trump. If JEB! wins NH and gets an establishment push, since they're so fickle and will likely abandon Rubio if this happens, Trump just has to resume his highly successful carpet bombing campaign against JEB!
Thanks for getting me back into this crap you jerk.I was sober for like a decade and now I'm back on the smack, rotting my brain.
This time 4 years ago Romney led Ron Paul 40% to 19% in the RCP New Hampshire Polling Average. Romney won New Hampshire over Paul 39% to 23%, and went on to become the nominee.This time 8 years ago McCain led Romney 32% to 28% in the RCP New Hampshire Polling Average. McCain won New Hampshire over 37% to 32%, and went on to become the nominee.http://www.realclearpolitics.com/co..._2012_2008.htmlToday, Donald Trump leads second place Zodiac Killer 33% to 12% in the RCP New Hampshire Polling Average.
Rush is running with a story that Rubio might also be as guilty as Cruz re: the Carson dropping out rumor. His campaign worked on Monday to spread the message that he was dropping out.
Youtube Version:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5J8RRXnUjk
Why can't you people come to terms with the fact that we have a major labor surplus and we need to do something about it???????
New JEB! campaign theme song lookin' GOOOOODhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgFVG1B_iso
HELL YEAH.Great Pump Up Video.
I've decided to expand my influence to commenting on Youtube videos.It's important for opinion leaders like myself to grow our sphere of influence.
I commented about that as well as about Open Border Marco Amnesty Rubio and my thoughts on what President Trump should do with both of them.
WOAH. Just got blasted with a Zodiac Killer commercial for the first time. On SEC Network, and featuring duck dynasty dad.Smart move.
This is it.This is the moment I have been waiting for.The calm of the storm has passed, the silence has been broken, the bunker is now shaking from the impact of the first bombs dropping.The establishment war machine is making its move. They're deploying Marco Rubio.True Patriots mus stand resolute. We cannot lose again. For ONCE, just this ONE time, we have to fight and we have to win. We must withstand the onslaught.We are running out of time to Make America Great Again.Trump and Cruz have to bury the hatchet. Don't they see what is happening? FUCK, I SHOULD HAVE SEEN IT COMING. I got rope-a-doped. I laughed at JEB! I gleefully danced on the GOP's grave.It was a fucking trap. They've been lying in wait all this time. These goddamn mother fuckers are going to try and ratfuck us AGAIN.NOT THIS TIME. NOT ON MY WATCH. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jesus Christ it's happening all over again.These diabolical mother fuckers are going to grind us into dust.They fucking played dead and tricked us. Then BAM they all jumped up and made their move today and the coalescing was complete just like that.NOT AGAIN FOR THE LOVE OF GOD NOT AGAIN.If Donald Trump can't somehow end the Cruz feud quickly and destroy Rubio, we're fucked. If Trump can't save us from the establishment, no one can and no one ever will.God help us.
Obama BARELY won Ohio with 50.1% of the vote and Virginia with 50.8%. Hillary is a vastly inferior candidate, while Rubio vastly superior to Romney.Kiss OH and VA goodbye along with FL.Guess what? Now little Markie Rubio only needs to pick off one more swing state and it's LIGHTS-OUT.Not that it fucking matters between Rubio and Clinton, either way, the establishment wins.
Trump.
This is the fucking low point. I want so badly to believe that good can prevail for once. But it's happening all over again, that inevitable tidal wave coming toward me that will once again crush my spirit. That will once again have me, in a few short weeks or months, singing the praises of the chosen stooge like I loved him all along, passionately proclaiming the need to elect him, like it fucking matters between him and whatever stooge Wall-Street and the powers that be decide to place in the other party's nomination spot.I want to believe Trump can break the cycle but history tells me that 2 months from now I'll be a zombie shilling for Rubio, just like I became for Romney, McCain, Bush, every other miserable pile of dog-shit that has been forced down my throat.Born in chains, will die in chains.
Yesterday was rough.Feeling better today, although my 2016 GOP primary innocence is lost.The fight is on, and it's a fight we the people have yet to win.But I'm going keep my head up and at worst go down swinging.I wish SC was a caucus state so I could stick around the polling place for a few hours and preach some truth. Rubio has been annointed the establishments' boy, and they wouldn't do that unless he's going to play ball with the military-industrial complex, the global elites, the Wall-Street banks, the open-borders advocates, the Club for Growth/Chamber of Commerce, etc., etc., etc.The wait until NH is killing me. We have to make a stand, Trump HAS to win by double digits, and all I can do is watch and wait and place the nation's fate in the hands of a bunch of damn yankees.
No fresh polls from SC.http://elections.huffingtonpost.com...ruz,Rubio,Trump
Roger Stone is going to be on Alex Jones in a few minutes.Don't ask how I know this.
March 3 is after Super Tuesday, so Trump is either going to be the inevitable nominee or toast by then anyway.Either way he can skip it too.
He looks his his aging father from the mouth up, but his lower lip and chin have the aging Reagan thing going on.
Anyone see Megyn Kelly's show last night?Holy shit Frank Luntz would have blushed at her "focus" group.I mean, absolutely amazing that they found all these super-informed voters who really didn't like Christie going after Rubio and think he should drop out. Like totally random voter who certainly was not prepped #1 who didn't like Christie because of his time as head of the GOP Governor's association and his failure to support candidates A and B in states C and D who could have won. And of course the other totally random voters who believed Rubio was our savior and the best choice, like totally random voter who certainly was not prepped #2 who discussed, without a single "uh" or "um" how Rubio was best positioned to win the general election, could appeal to the youth vote as well as minority voters, and has a positive message for the party on how we can move forward in a "New American Century."Fucking psy-ops propaganda bullshit. I want every single one of these motherfuckers dead. First against the wall, scum.
I'm basically counting on the SEC to save us from Rubio and Cruz. #1 in Football, hopefully #1 in making the right choice and choosing Trump.http://overtimepolitics.com/polling...oll-Alabama.pdfTrumps leads Cruz 37% to 21% in Alabama.Similar to his 36% to 20% lead here in South Carolina according to the RCP average of January polls here.
I like Chris Christie and wouldn't mind seeing him in Trump's VP slot now that Cruz showed his true treasonous colors.I WAS thinking Rubio, but now that the establishment and the elites have made it know he's their horse i.e. he will play ball/obey orders, we can't have him one step away from the big chair.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DON'T DO IT MR. TRUMP THEY'LL KENNEDY YOU TO PUT RUBIO IN THE BIG CHAIR!!!!!1
NH will tell a lot.If Trump doesn't hit 30% in the actual vote there, he's going to have a difficult time. Not saying he can't win, if at least BOTH Cruz and Rubio stay in and make it a 3-man race over the long haul, he can still finish 1st. BUT he's going to have a hard time hitting 50% of the delegates awarded if his turnout takes as big a hit in primaries as it did in the caucus.
You forgot the smoking gun - my e-mails.ONLY Donald J Trump for President has been given my e-mail address. Yet I have and continued to receive weekly/daily e-mails from not only Trump, but also Cruz.I had forgotten about it, so caught up in the "feud" between Trump and Cruz. Could it be they have pulled a WWE storyline off so successfully it passed my smell test?
Nobody likes Ted, whether the genuine article or a forums fraud.
Once every 4 years I arise from the ashes, to again take my place as the SA champion of conservatism.When the clock strikes midnight on Nov. 8th, I shall slumber once more.Others, may in my stead, keep vigil while they wait for the cycle to begin anew.
I'd like to see the Democrats carry VA and the D.C. fat cat leeches in the general election, but Trump win Michigan on the backs of working men and women who have been screwed for too long, forcing a 269-269 electoral tie and the Republican congress electing the President to the wailing of liberal idiots who hate our Republic and want a dumb-ass pure democracy popular vote with no regard for states.
Yeah, I know. I was talking about the Democrat carrying VIRGINIA, which is where all the D.C. government/lobbying/liberal parasites live. Everyone pulling in 6-figure salaries, living the high life, singing Obamanomics praises while everyone else outside their bubble (with the exception of Wall-Street of course) is getting hammered.
After spending the previous 6 unfortunate years of my life in Virginia until this past summer, I can confirm this is true, BUT the real Virginia isn't enough anymore. The D.C. behemoth has grown too large, and their are too many suckling pigs at the trough crowding into NOVA and stuffing the ballot boxes.
I'd hold my nose and vote for Cruz if he's the candidate.He's terrible, BUT literally the entire establishment hates his guts, so screw 'em I'd vote for the snake.Enemy of my enemy is my friend deal.If it's not Trump AND it's not Cruz, then I'm making a stand this year. NO MORE being a good little lemming for the elites. I'll write in Trump if it's Rubio vs. Clinton, or I'll vote for Bernie if it's Rubio vs. Bernie.I'm not gonna take it anymore.
I hope this is a sign that the Rubio hype propaganda is wearing off and Kasich/Bush supporters are going to stay the course in the end.The establishment must suffer.
My wife dropped him like a rock. It was TERRIBLE. The second half recovery doesn't matter, because the damage was already done.Total fraud, Ken Doll candidate.TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Christie by default since she doesn't like Trump, thinks Cruz is sleeze, and Carson isn't qualified.But more important to me, she cracked JUST A LITTLE and said "Trump didn't really turn me off tonight like he has in all the other debates"Trump's face turn is working. She'll never vote for him, but some will.
Rest in Piss Marco Rubio.Suck a blue collar American working man's dick GOP establishment.Thank you Jesus for Lord President Trump.TRUMP!!!!!!!
With whichever poor bastard not named Trump or Cruz who finishes highest in NH.Pick a candidate, and candidate GOP scum. MORE BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD, MORE POLITICAL CAREERS FOR GOD KING TRUMP TO GRIND INTO DUST
So the same idiots who lit money on fire for Jeb! are behind your guy now?R.I.P.
Just want to remind you guys that NO ONE not named Trump or Cruz has a chance in HELL of coming in 1st OR 2nd place here in South Carolina.Like I said before the establishment made their Rubio push this past week or so, pray for Trump, because if he ain't the nominee, it's going to be Cruz.WE ARE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!TRUMP!!!!
The ARG and UMASS polls that have been updating daily all week had Trump back up to 34 and 35%, and Rubio at 16% and 15% yesterday afternoon BEFORE Rubio got clowned in the debate.NO WAY IN HELL the 3 governors combined don't suck up enough soft Rubio support and undecideds to cock-block Rubio from taking second place.Either one of the 3 governors will clearly emerge from that pack of 3 and take second place, OR none will but their combined efforts will pull Rubio behind Cruz and Cruz will take second place.If Trump-Cruz finish 1-2 in NH, it's over for the establishment and it's a 2 man Trump-Cruz race.Otherwise it's a 3-man race between Trump, Cruz, and whichever governor finishes second.It's 2016. DO NOT underestimate the impact of the internet on the GOP primary electorate. Also simple word of mouth and what I'm sure was a LARGE New Hampshire audience. The boy in the bubble just had his bubble burst.
Also we're all caught up in Rubio's meltdown and ignoring Trump's successful face turn, as called by Oiled and Ready.Even my wife last night commented that Trump wasn't off-putting last night like he had been in the past.Just watched Trump on This Week with George S., very calm and presidential, and humble. He actually said "I don't care about polls, not sure they're accurate"
ABC just came back from commercial right before their Rubio interview by playing the video of Rubio repeating himself 4x.Rubio to George - "I... I would pay people to keep showing that." And now he's going into the spiel again and doubling down.LOL.
For all the folks bewildered by Trump-Sanders cross-over appeal:Donald Trump - 74% (Foreign Policy, Immigration, Environment, Electoral, Education, Criminal)Bernie Sanders - 64% (Foreign Policy, Healthcare, Science)Only area that doesn't show up for either as major agreement is domestic (taxes and spending). I side with Cruz on domestic policy.
Trump's answer re: water boarding and doing "much worse" was brilliant.Pro-Tip: Real Americans do not give a damn about radical Islamic terrorists being mistreated.
FYI she didn't deny this morning when the clip was played for her. She rambled off about Rubio running to the far right.Either she actually does believe that, or she is a really fucking terrible candidate.
Almost, it would be better if Christie has a late surge on the back of beating down Rubio and all 3 governors manage to finish ahead of Rubio and Cruz and within a point or 2 of each other and nearly identical delegate totals.MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHATRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yessssssss.What a roller coaster of emotion. Top of the world, to the gutter, and back to the top of the world.PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE let the trends continue and let BOTH Rubio AND Cruz end up finishing behind all 3 governors.Trump will have a sizeable delegate lead after NH. He will easily win SC and increase that lead if he can label Cruz as one-and-done based on a piss poor NH showing. With a SC and NH victory he will easily win NV. Then he will STEAMROLL through the SEC states on Super Tuesday.
Fuck this ass-hole.
I can understand the desire for going back to a gold standard.It's stupid as hell, but understandable because the status quo is shit as well. The pin-head central planners at the Fed are always either (a) clueless, or (b) stooges for/members of the Wall-Street elite.You would think Democrats would have a problem with it, especially since it's one of the main reasons the "recovery" is bull-shit and they could very well lose the next election, but WELP I guess Clinton is far from alone in being in their pockets.
True, but they're literally no more idiotic that people who think the way things are done is fine and who blindly ignore the fact that our monetary policy favors the elites at the expense of ordinary Americans.
PLEASE GOD LET THIS COME TO PASS
Yes, but Trump just mouthed the F-word and didn't actually say it out loud.
Trump is going to do fine in NH.He doesn't need to turn out ALL of his supporters who are new to primary voting to win. He has plenty if support from traditional participants like me.Also, why does everyone keep overlooking the fact that he turned out enough support in the Iowa CAUCUS to get 45,000 votes??? Second highest total EVER???He lost because the Cruz campaign literally ran the greatest Iowa Caucus effort in GOP history, combined with a candidate who is tailor made for the highly conservative and evangelical GOP caucus electorate in Iowa.The primary format isn't as tough for Trump, BUT like in Iowa NH has had candidates stake their campaign on it and really pound the ground there, so I think Trump will again underperform his polls, but because the other candidates do a great job getting voters out like Cruz did in IA.What happens after NH, when Trump won't have the obstacle of running against other campaigns who have been camping out in the state and building a massive ground game? No one has and no one will have anything close to resembling the ground game Cruz had in IA or the governor's have in NH in any of the contests coming up.South Carolina is #3 on the schedule, we're literally only a couple of days away from the SC debate, and none of the candidates have really done anything here.Trump can be argued to have the best ground game simply by virtue of having had a few large rallies in this state. Like that one in Lexington (suburb of Columbia) I briefly considered going to a couple weeks ago.I haven't received any Cruz e-mails about any rallies anywhere close by.
He doesn't need crushing wins. Even if his NH poll lead shrinks by 4-5% just like in Iowa, he wins. And even if it happens EVERYWHERE else, he wins the SEC states on Super Tuesday and becomes the dominant front-runner and the odds of anyone beating him out on delegates rapidly approaches zero.Also, keep in mind, you can make a STRONG argument that Trump DOES NOT NEED the required number of delegates to secure the nomination, and that he merely needs to have the most.The GOP would ABSOLUTELY torpedo themselves and guarantee a Clinton victory in the fall if they screwed Trump, and by extension the voters, and put together a ticket by combining the delegates of people who finished BEHIND Trump. They might be able to get away with that crap against lesser candidates, but not Trump, who would NOT quietly take a screwing like that and whom the media would GLADY provide wall-to-wall coverage to as he then proceeded to go scorched earth on the GOP.
The pollster screwed up. I clicked it as soon as Joementum posted it and it originally showed what he said, which was confusing the hell out of me.
Wow. This guy is good at this too.Trump team needs to schedule more town halls.Comes off totally authentic, just like at his rallies, and that has to be a huge contrast for anyone who also goes to another candidate's town hall.
I saw your post and politely ignored it, but since you're dying for an answer, my answer is why the hell would I write you an essay trying to claim something that I don't believe? The gold standard is stupid and I said as much, I merely stated that I understood WHY gold standard people shilled for it, since they're desperate for any alternative to Wall-Street controlling our monetary policy.Also to be honest no matter what you ask me I'm not going to write a 5 paragraph essay. I suffered through grad school for an MBA, just like Donald Trump who is very smart and went to Wharton, and also suffered through law school. I don't write anymore. Hell, I practically don't even READ anymore unless you count the brain-cell killing contents of online internet forum discussions and political & finance "journalism."In short, piss off.TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You disagree that gold-bugs are seeking an alternative to the status quo??? Please submit an essay detailing why.Disclaimer: I won't read it.
For starters interest rates at or near zero make it practically impossible for ordinary Americans to benefit much from savings or to make any income from low-risk investments, but allow large institutional Wall Street banks to borrow massive sums of money for no interest.Go roll your eyes in the mirror and STFU troll.
Actual Janet Yellen Quote: "By making consumer purchases more affordable and encouraging businesses to invest, low interest rates supported the economic recovery and the creation of millions of jobs." Economic recovery for WHO? NOT "Main Street," only Wall-Street. And job creation numbers are both pathetic, AND largely inflated by shit service jobs as well as jobs for foreign-born workers. The decline in U3 is characterized for the first time ever by a sustained decline in LFPR. Just take a look at consumer spending, hardly the kind of numbers that jive with a "full employment" economy or a "recovery" for Main Street America.The recent news of an uptick in wages was welcome at least. Perhaps a sliver of hope that things might actually get better. Hardly a validation of the Feds' laughable claim that they supported a "recovery" and job creation for American workers.
It's also amazing how we're all supposed to blindly accept the assumption that without Fed intervention, we'd have gotten it much worse. The fed and backers of its actions can't actually provide any evidence to back up this assertion of course. And of the jobs created over the pasy years, WHICH jobs were created because of the feds' actions? Which of these jobs would not have existed without the Feds' actions? Which consumer purchases are now more affordable? Also arguing that consumer purchases are more affordable because of cheap money requires completely ignoring the trade-off present. Low interest rates = people must borrow more since it's more difficult to save. Debt may be cheaper, but people have to take on more debt because since it is harder to save and harder to make money off low risk investments. Unless you're rich, then you don't have the same kind of trouble as ordinary Americans when it comes to profiting off investments.Just LOL at all the phony liberals who claim to care about the common man who will blindly vote for Wall-Street stooge Hillary Clinton and blindly support the continued revolving door between the Fed and Wall-Street, making sure the elites always have an inside man (or woman) at the Fed making the "right" calls for the good of the "economy" which here means their personal fortunes.
Well, yes actually.Although recessions bring a price - human suffering - and we generally want our government to act to help alleviate this.There are alternatives to zero interest rate or quantitative easing * infinity believe it or not. Ironically, this is the kind if situation where liberalism, social spending, and the ALLEGED principles and ideals of the Democratic Party can play a VITAL role in society.Thank God our Wall-Street overlords already own the major players in the party, so we were spared such a horrific fate and blessed with sweet mana from central planning heaven.Jaime Dimon and co. thanks us for our blind obedience.
Noooooooooo Vile got banned again.We'll keep your seat warm brother.TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Look at that steep upward movement for JEB! tracking Rubio's steep fall beginning to emerge:http://www.realclearpolitics.com/ep...imary-3350.htmlI AM SO EXCITED ABOUT JEB! (possibly becoming the establishment choice again green-lighting Trump to resume carpet-bombing the Bush family)
Trump has taken the stage!!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-UyrR2I9l0Be sure to keep an eye out for my insightful commentary in the chat box.
LOL Trump."If my staffers who got in wrecks aren't ok, WELP nothing I can do"
Trump pushing the debate tickets to special interest donors angle. Crowd booing the special interests.
WOAH. Trump blasting Bush. Riff about saving hundreds of billions if we negotiated drug prices, how the politicians are in the pocket of drug company lobbyists, then BAM - Woody Johnson of Johnson & Johnson is Bush's finance manager - he's "running his campaign"
LOL. Trump on the debate "Marco sweating like a dog" "Having a hard time"
Trump isn't going to win brother.WE THE PEOPLE ARE GOING TO WIN FOR TRUMP AND WE ARE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!!!
Trump is ON FIRE tonight. And after doing town halls all day.I am PUMPED. Feb. 20th can't get here fast enough. TRUMP!!!
Hahahahahahaha
You're reprimanded.Hahahahahaha
-Woman calls Obama a pussy-Trumps sarcastically says "that's terrible" then tells us exactly what she said in case we didn't hear it-Trump then sarcastically reprimands her - "You're reprimanded"
Don't get hurt or in an accident until AFTER you vote Trump
Yeah my bad. Trump then brought up how it happened with Obama a couple of weeks and the press got onto him for not admonishing people, which he now does (sarcastically)
Gerrymandering - not a problem when Democrats ruled the nation, ESPECIALLY the south, with an iron-fist post Great Crash/New Deal, but definitely a HUGE problem now that that is no longer the case.Fucking hypocrites.
SCOTUS has a majority of GOP appointees, and abortion is still legal and gay marriage is the law of the land across the nation. Since GOP appointees DO NOT vote politically and in lock-step to assault rights the left cares about.Meanwhile, the minority of Democrat appointees HAVE voted lock-step against the 1st amendment, the 2nd amendment, private property rights, etc.Clinton getting in the whitehouse and replacing aging SCOTUS justices is the REAL threat to civil liberties, not the GOP who ALREADY HAS THE MAJORITY on SCOTUS.
Today is the day.The establishment fired the opening salvos when an opening appeared after Cruz's upset win in Iowa over Trump. But we withstood them and their Rubio surge.Now WE THE PEOPLE will fire OUR opening shot today with a massive Trump victory in New Hampshire.
Trump - Kasich - JEB! - Rubio - Cruz - Christie - Fiorina - Carson - Gilmore
Were are my exit polls I NEED A HIT NOW
Not me. I picked you to finish second.Unfortunately for you, you have to come south next to my state, and then the rest of the SEC on March 1st.We don't like yer gun-grabbin' kyind down heya boy.
CNN PROJECTS TRUMP WINS THE SECOND POLLS CLOSE AT 8PM!!!!WE ARE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
While the storm clouds gather far across the seaLet us swear allegiance to a land that's freeLet us all be grateful for a land so fairAs we raise our voices in a solemn prayerGod bless America, land that I loveStand behind her and guide herThrough the night with a light from aboveFrom the mountains, to the prairiesTo the oceans white with foamGod bless AmericaMy home sweet home
I would be shocked if Cruz pulled off an upset here in South Carolina.Again, I'm in the kind of rural/evangelical county he needs to run up numbers in, and he has NO ground game here. NONE.It's going to be New Hampshire redux, except instead of Kasich in a strong second, Cruz in a strong second, with Trump winning with well over 30% of the vote.
So far it looks like Trump will get about 110% of his RCP poll average.We now have solid evidence that the caucus format was what hurt Trump in Iowa, not an inability to get his support out.
List of 2016 GOP POTUS candidates who finished 1st or 2nd in Iowa and NH:1. Donald TrumpList of GOP nominees for POTUS post WWII who did not finish 1st or 2nd in Iowa and NH:
It's morning in America.WE THE PEOPLE are in charge now.Trump is our avatar, and we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.Step 1??? Destroy the establishment. Humiliate their stooge candidates. CRUSH THEIR HOPES AND DREAMS.Trump EXCEEDED expectations in NH. He didn't just turn out enough of his support to hold onto a large lead, he won by a LARGER margin than expected and with a HIGHER share of the vote total than expected.And now we come south. Donald Trump had a lead of 36% to 20% over Cruz in January polls here in South Carolina. Cruz won Iowa, which certainly boosted his image, but now Trump has SMASHED the GOP in New Hampshire and Cruz's Iowa win is old news. Meanwhile, Trump's competitors' ground-game advantages are now GONE. Cruz's Iowa game was BRILLIANT. That's nice, he's got JACK SHIT here in South Carolina. JEB!??? Hahahahaha. You guys just keep on impotently spamming yard signs for 10 days and see how much that does for you bitch. This is TRUMP COUNTRY. New Hampshire voters knee-capped the opposition. We're gonna finish the job and decapitate them.TRUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMPPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Although I am a gen X-er I am somewhat hip and "with it" and don't have a land-line.My area-code is from FL, where I lived when I got a cellular phone.
LOL Trey Gowdy, the beta bitch that got spanked by Hillary Clinton, is on FOX crying about that big ol' meanie Chris Christie hurting Marco Rubio.Get fucked loser. Hillary Clinton clowned you at what was supposed to be your own moment of triumph. You're a loser just like Marco Rubio.TRUMP!!!
Here's a South Carolina Poll:Boosted HouseholdTrump - 100%My wife, who was already dejected after seeing Rubio's melt-down live and had settled on Christie, after talking to me this morning and being informed that Rubio cratered, Christie did worse and will be dropping out, and that the only viable alternatives to Trump are Cruz, Bush, or Kasich:"I don't like any of my choices. I guess I HAVE to vote for Trump"MwahahahahahaThere's one immigrant vote for Lord President Trump.
Even if he comes roaring back, she had soured on him anyway. She really took the debate hard. In fact, she said today when I was talking to her about Rubio cratering and Christie not benefitting anyway, "I don't like Rubio anymore anyway"Rubio absolutely delegitimized himself at least in her eyes with his pathetic performance.Unfortunately for the establishment, despite her dislike of Trump, she thinks Bush and Kasich are completely pathetic.
Yessssss.DO IT JEB! Bring W down here. Bring your mommy too. Don't stop there, wheel dear ol' dad out down here.Make sure the WHOLE FAMILY is here JEB!
No, but interesting that my story is not unique.Rubio really tanked his chances.Ordered my OFFICIAL Donald J. Trump MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN hat and some bumper stickers for our cars. Gonna have to stealth apply one to the Mrs. vehicle when she's not watching.
Roger Stone was just on Hannity.According to him:(A) Donald Trump's South Carolina team is made up of Lee Atwater acolytes who are going to play for keeps.(B) Stone is starting an anti-Hillary Super-PAC that is going to use all of the "female victims of Bill and Hillary Clinton"
Cruz is the only threat to Trump in South Carolina.Well, maybe you can make a JEB! argument but JEB! will take himself out somehow, and Trump will finish what's left by clowning him in the debate as usual.So really Trump's ratfucking squad should be concentrating all of their fire on Zodiac Killer.Also I think Trump can dredge the Iowa crap Cruz pulled back up, and tie it to Carson's debate entrance flub last week. Talk about how un-Christian it was of Ted to just walk past Carson and smirk.
Basically boils down to . . .For a majority of the country (that got needlessly fucked by PPACA):No more state boundaries to buying health insuranceMore use of health savings accountFor those who can't afford coverage:Medicaid (or something new that is "really great")
I'm starting to get nervous. It's been almost 2 days of euphoria, and all is quiet on the Western front.No new SC polls since mid January, no rumblings from the establishment.WHAT ARE THEY PLANNING NEXT??????
I don't have the link anymore but I saw an article this AM where basically his campaign manager all but admitted their only path to the nomination might be a brokered convention.EDIT Nevermind, found it: http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/storie...-02-11-03-46-36
Kasich should just go beg his buddies from his Lehman Brothers days for cash.Fuck that gun-grabbing bankster scum.Just another skull for Lord President Trump's trophy wall.T- - -R- - -U- - -M- - -P TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP!!!
It's possible the Trump-Cruz secret alliance conspiracy theory, as fleshed out by Vile, is still in play.I still think there is something to the Cruz team getting my e-mail when I ONLY gave it to Trump. And if Trump was simply just selling data for profit, why wouldn't have ANYONE else bought it too??? I haven't received anything from other candidates, or conservative publications, or conservative PACs, etc., etc., etc. ONLY Trump and Cruz.Maybe it's all a con, and their epic battle is nothing more than a ploy to sucker opposition into supporting a double-agent. Hell, I saw Cruz last night hyping the primary now as "a 2-way battle between he and Trump"
No. The only people beside Trump who I have given this e-mail to (I have 2 separate e-mail accounts I use) are my auto/home insurer (Farm Bureau), my TV provider (DirecTV) and internet provider (Atlantic Broadband), and my local power company.I use another e-mail account for things like banking and retirement accounts, Steam, Amazon, etc. i.e. everything I actually care about.The only thing even remotely political I have given my e-mail address to is Trump.Maybe the Israeli's you're grandma gave money to are part of the conspiracy as wel..... OH MY GOD DONALD J TRUMP IS THE DOUBLE AGENT HE'S A ZIONIST ILLUMINATI PLANT DESIGNED TO TRICK US INTO THINKING WE'RE VOTING AGAINST THEM AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Oh, so maybe it was my Facebook likes of Trump that reeled me into Cruz's spam e-mail web.
Bear with me, this may not be 100% accurate:Headline: VP candidate on winning ticket PROBABLY takes his/her place, OR Congress chooses a president.20th amendment says VP takes president elect's spot if he dies before being sworn in.However, there is some gray area concerning when, technically, the winner of the popular vote on election day actually becomes "president elect" - once the electoral college has convened, or perhaps not until congress in a joint session officially counts the votes of the electoral college?If the person dies AFTER the electoral college votes but BEFORE congress counts the votes, congress might decide whether to count votes for that person. If they do, then succession kicks in an VP candidate takes the presidency. If congress does NOT count the votes, then obviously the loser of the election doesn't have a majority of 270 EVs, so then congress chooses the president in accordance with the 12th amendment. Congress has only dealth with a deceased loser in the past and chose not to count EVs for Horace Greeley: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horace_Greeley
Maybe just go with Joementum my history degree is European, not American.I know more about 18th-20th century Russia/USSR and early-mid 20th century Germany than I do about U.S. hsitory.
If Trump actually wins the election but then dies before assuming office I am legit going to be super fucking pissed off.Jesus, that's exactly the kind of gut-punch crap that happens on this gay earth.
Yeah, Trump definitely got the message re: South Carolina voters.Just flat out refused to repeat something offensive from the crowd and said he was "never going to do it again"
This still cracks me up every time:God bless youtube commenters
Patter Song, we love you. TRUMP loves you.Together, we are GOING to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
lol. airlift Berghdal back to the middle east and just drop him out of the plane. "BING"
Sunk cost fallacy.Stop throwing money down the hole.
Trump is on fire tonight.Needs about 2-3 nights like this in South Carolina over the next 9 days.
Ideally - Mexico forks over the moneyMore likely - Increased fees on work visas, temporary visas, border crossing cards; increased fees at ports of entry; foreign aid cuts; and impounding remittancesLast resort if the above doesn't cover the cost - tariffs
I let them know how I feel about the Club for Growth in the comments section.
How dense are you people???"HURF DURF THE CHARACTER IN THE MOVIE WHO SMASHED THE PRINTER WAS A GOOD GUY THIS IS A BAD AD"Jesus. It's humorous and good, and here she's not smashing a printer, but rather a personal computer that is supposed to be representative of her private server use, i.e.e she's smashing the evidence of her corruption and complete contempt for the American people.
Of course he is. LOL at anyone who couldn't see right through that Mark Halperin focus group. Not bashing Halperin, I like him and I now watch MSNBC on a daily basis because of "With all Due Respect" (and MTP Daily), but come on, like peer pressure didn't play a huge factor in the group all being confident Trump would win, yet all allegedly supporting Cruz, the approved politically correct choice for evangelicals.You could just see they were all waiting for someone else to profess their love for Trump so they could be free to join in, but no one took the first step.It's why I'm going to wear my MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN hat on the 20th. I want to make sure my downtrodden, blue collar, fellow Americans get one last bit of encouragement when they see me at our local polling place. If a distinguished, overly educated, country-club dwelling, esteemed member of the community like myself is willing to wear that absurd garb to the polls, they should feel unburdened of the shame, unjustifiably created by the media and by liberal drama-queens who label enforcing our laws as RAYYYYSIST, of voting in their own best interests, for the ONE candidate who refuses to suck Club for Growth's dick and tolerate the evisceration of the working class.WE ARE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. FORGET IOWA AND NEW HAMPSHIRE, THE GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA IS GOING TO PLAY HOST TO THE DEFINING MOMENT OF THE CAMPAIGN ON FEBRUARY 20TH. WE WILL CROWN TRUMP OUR CHAMPION AND WE WILL TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK
It's a shame Trump will only win by merely double digits instead of 20+.
The GOP is so stupid they can't even see that a Trump presidency could flip the nation to where the GOP has a plurality of voters instead of the Democratic party.Trump's GOP would move hard back to the center and gobble up both the vacuum left by the GOP's tack right and the Democrats' tack left.The Democrats have had SO MANY chances to gobble up the middle, because it would be a lot easier for them to do so. Abanding stupid shit like gun control isn't exactly out of line with professing to be "liberal," on the other hand, the GOP abanding stupid shit like Ron Paul's "let them die" healthcare solution is much harder to justify in terms of professing to be for "limited government."Thankfully Democrats are every bit as insane and fucking stupid as the GOP, and thankfully Trump has decided to bless our primary with his presence instead of the Democratic one, which would have been SO much easier for him to win.The NEW GOP that will soon rise from the corpse of the old GOP killed by Trump will become the new center-majority party in the U.S.
COULD barely afford. We moved on up, to the east-side (or rather a view of the fairway from our sun porch).Unlike the GOPe, I do not ascribe to "fuck you, got mine"I don't need cheap goods and services thanks to open borders, unfettered immigration, scab labor, visa abuse, outsourcing, unfair "free" trade, etc.I want my fellow Americans to prosper in the golden age of Trump.We are going to destroy the GOP and make it great again and make AMERICA great again.
Preach it brother.The GOP is RIPE for the taking. WE THE PEOPLE have a champion, and we will bring the GOP to its KNEES.We are going to take our party back, and then our country back.Eat shit Rinse Pubis. Die in a fire Chamber of Commerce. Go cry to your mommy JEB! WE THE PEOPLE are in charge now, and we're electing a NEW chairman of the board.LORD PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP THE UNSTUMPABLE
Look at those up votes. Top commentator. I've found my calling in life, youtube comments section SUPERSTAR.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRn_u61lo9EI just wish avatars weren't so small. You can't make mine out very well.
FYI the GOP primary will be basically OVER on the morning of March 2nd.TRUMP!!!
It would have to be SOME debate performance by Rubio tomorrow for her to change her mind.Because that's going to be her final look at the campaign prior to us voting.And she's not going to vote Bush or Kasich because they're "weak"And she's not going to vote Cruz because even without my having to tell her everything about him, she think's he's "sleezy"And she's not going to vote Christie because he dropped out.And she LOVES Ben Carson since she's religious and an MD, but thinks he's totally unprepared to be POTUS.She's down to Trump by default unless Rubio can somehow reverse course. Maybe I should just watch the debate holed up in my office and not remind her about it.
His tax plan will get more sensible by virtue of the fact that congress must change the tax laws. Any proposals by POTUS candidates are merely starting points for negotiation.The great thing about Trump is that his #1 issue requires almost NO congressional action, since congress has already taken action in the past. Trump could quite literally deport all 11 million+ illegals not only without any further act of congress, but even without relying much or at all on executive order and opening himself up to suit. He can simply direct federal agencies under his constitutional purview to simply enforce existing laws duly passed by the U.S. congress.
Thanks. This was an awesome listen.LOL at the talk radio host who refuses to dehumanize himself and face to bloodshed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3ttxGMQOrYTrump just picked up 1,400 votes.And these people are joining anything BUT an exclusive club.It still blows my mind that people can't see how EASILY he will be able to win a general election over a corrupt dog-shit candidate like Clinton.Tens of millions of Americans lives have been destroyed by illegal immigration, open borders, visa abuse, unfair "free" trade, etc., etc., etc. and all of the job loss and wage suppression they have fostered, and all the further problems that causes like divorce, broken homes, loss of dignity, etc.The Bushes and the Clintons, the GOP and the DNC, they're ALL going to lie down in the bed THEY MADE.The loudest, angriest, most passionate critics of Donald Trump are the EXACT people MOST RESPONSIBLE for his appeal and his inevitable presidency.
Sweet baby Jesus
Vice President Jim Webb sounds pretty awesome actually.
Trump: 1980s Miami HurricanesBush: 2002 Rose Bowl NebraskaCruz: Sandusky era Penn StateRubio: BaylorCarson: Wake ForestKasich: Virginia Tech
LOL. The network that employees Al Sharpton is suddenly concerned about bias.The network that employees Chris Matthews and Rachael Maddow in ther PRIME TIME slots is suddenly concerned about bias.Jesus and people wonder why we hate the media so damn much.Tonight I'll watch YET ANOTHER GOP debate in enemy territory, liberally slanted media.Democrats? Yeah, NO debates on FOX, hell NO interviews so far on FOX for Clinton either.Yet every week you see GOP candidates on NBC, ABC, CBS, and CNN programming.
Meanwhile the GOP is stacking the debate audience against Trump AGAIN:http://www.wyff4.com/news/loyal-sup...7950532?src=appLike we all don't see right through it. Every debate we get staged crowds of country club republicans and donors.First against the (Trump) wall bitches.
I got one of these this morning and deleted it.LOL like I'm giving these chumps money when they're trying to screw over Trump. BEND THE KNEE GOP if you want my cash.
Yeah what a piece of shit, as opposed to all of the Democrat brown-shirts salivating over Scalia's death in anticipation of destroying the second amendment.I hope the GOP Senators stand firm and refuse to confirm ANY justice Obama tries to nominate that doesn't fully support the second amendment.NO more Kagans, Sotamayors, Ginsburgs, etc. who want to smash the bill of rights.Find a liberal pro-abortion judge who ISN'T massive hypocrite gun-grabber if you want to get someone through the senate Mr. Obama.
We've had a GOP appointee majority SCOTUS for a LONG time, and gay marriage is now legal. abortion has remained so, and PPACA was upheld, because the GOP appointees have NEVER voted lock-step in purely political moves.Sadly the Democratic appointees often do, and do so against our bill of rights and civil liberties. 1st amendment, 2nd amendment, private property rights, etc.I am legitimately terrified right now.
People in places like Chicago and D.C. would still be denied their second amendment rights today if the 5-4 split was in the opposite direction.Not to mention that Democrats anywhere who took over a city or state could move to ban firearms.And look at recent moves by states like CT. The fact that they haven't gone around confiscating scary looking guns they banned doesn't mean it's OK to make criminals out of law abiding citizens by arbitrarily banning firearms they own. This talking point that Democrats aren't actually a threat and that "no guns have been confiscated (YET)" IS complete horse-shit.
The United State Constitution and the Bill of Rights are not "toys"
Trump is a damn mastermind.He set himself up SO GOOD for the general election last night. Aggressively attacking George W. Bush's record, defending supporting funding for Planned Parenthood services for women's health under heavy fire.He is going to own the shit out of Hillary Clinton on foreign policy and the middle east and hang her not only by her shit record as S.O.S., but by burying her right along with the Bushes on the Iraq war and all the problems over there that sprung from it.But the planned parenthood thing was even more important. Romney was a centrist moderate, he kicked Obama's teeth in in the economy debate, so what did the Democrats and the media do? They laughably, yet successfully, pivoted to women's health and painted Romney as somehow being an extremist. When Clinton tries that garbage on Trump, he can say he defended women's health and funding for PP under heavy attack from Bush and the Republcians, "go look at the tape."
He hurt himself. My wife was really turned off and said "I just can't vote for this guy." But did he hurt himself enough to lose a 15 point lead? I doubt it, seeing as the field behind him is crowded and NO ONE broke out last night. Case in point, after saying she couldn't vote for him, my wife also added that she had no idea who the hell she was going to vote for now.
Trump is KILLING it on Meet the Press.
We now have 3 South Carolina polls conducted post Iowa and New Hampshire.Average Result:Trump - 36.8%Cruz - 18.5%Rubio - 14.2%Bush - 10%Kasich - 8.8%Carson - 5.3%Trump's Bush/Iraq/Planned Parenthood/etc. gamble last night was brilliant. NO WAY he loses all of an 18 point lead in 1 week, and he scored MAJOR points and set himself up big time for the general election vs. Clinton.
Obama can EASILY get the GOP congress to confirm a SCOTUS nominee. All he has to do is nominate a liberal who ISN'T an extremist and has been on record as being AGAINST the minority decisions in Heller and McDonald.All 4 current Democratic nominees voted in a partisan lock-step manner against the 2A and tried to rewrite it from the bench to go 180 degrees against the entire meaning and purpose of the Bill of Rights.If Democrats had bothered to appoint at least A SINGLE non-extreme justice to the current court, and those decisions were AT LEAST 6-3, we wouldn't be having this conversation right now either.Also, friendly reminder, had Democrats not opposed and ultimately ended Reagan's attempt to place Bork on SCOTUS, we would already have a 5-4 liberal court because Bork instead of Kennedy = Obama both wins reelection in 2012 AND gets to replace a conservative on the court when Bork dies in 2012.Actions have consequences.
Helps IMMENSELY in the general, hurts in the primary. But not enough to cost him the primary IMO. He leads by 18 points in South Carolina. If his performance last night shaves a whopping 17 points of his margin of victory here, it was still a winning move.Let's dispel with this fiction that Donald Trump doesn't know what he's doing. He knows EXACTLY what he's doing.He is positioning both himself AND Hillary Clinton exactly where he needs to be able to absolutely bury her on foreign policy. He will be completely inoculated from attacks from Hillary's perceived position of strength - foreign policy experience. He will successfully position Clinton right next to Bush, and himself a million miles away from the tow of them.Also he's starting to set up his defense against what killed Romney - women's health. The planned parenthood argument was THE most important moment of the debate for Trump.
I find your honesty re: using partisanship on SCOTUS to assault the Bill of Rights refreshing.
I have something positive to say about Zodiac Killer.Unlike Club for Growth he's at least smart enough to block youtube comments. You may have won this round Zodiac Killer, but the Boost is Loose and I will win the war.
Don't trash talk Washington & Lee bitch I'll cut you.Only the most brilliant legal minds, like Supreme Court justices Joseph Rucker Lamar and Lewis Franklin Powell, can attend such a prestigious university.
You left out War on Terror style intervention.Think of it, U.S. drone strikes, U.S. bombing runs, and U.S. backed militias in Mexico and South America waging war on the cartels.Why are we limiting ourselves to the middle east? Raytheon, Northrop, & the rest of the gang could make even more money if we exported our modern war machine south of the border IMO.It's immoral for us to selectively export freedom only to the cave people in the middle east. It's time to let sweet liberty rain down on this side of the globe.
Trump's having a live news conference for some reason scheduled for 2pm EST. I'm watching MSNBC and they're saying they're going to air it.Is something big going down or does MSNBC's "Place for Politics" show just show whatever random crap is happening on the trail???
That press conference was AMAZING.LOL Trump is going thermonuclear. Doubling down on trashing the Bushes over 9/11 and Iraq, and threatening to sue Zodiac Killer over his birth if he doesn't apologize to Trump for his lies.Yeah, he started hammering on black unemployment.
This is sad."Wooooo!!! George W. Bush!!!!!!"Uh, bad news, he won't be on the ballot Saturday. Only JEB!
To expand on this post, this is their second poll, they did one at the end of last week BEFORE the debate, and this poll was done entirely yesterday AFTER the debate.Rubio jumped up 2 spots to 2nd place ahead of Bush and Cruz. Everyone else stayed in the same order. Trump lost 2%, Cruz lost 1.5%, Kasich and Rubio gained 1.5%, Carson gained 1%, and poor JEB! only gained 0.5%.
Trump actually seems to do pretty well with younger voters. Would explain him outperforming his polls in NH since a of of younger people don't have land-lines.The SC House GOP poll showed him at 38% with 18-25 year olds vs. 32% overall.If he ends up outperforming his SC polls as well, maybe this is why.
Millenials are 1985-2004.Every generation is 2 decades/20 years.The baby boomers were 1945-1964, so Gen X are 1965-1984, Millenials are 1985-2004
I think we can all agree that Boomers are shit, Millenials are shit, and Generation X is where it's at.
When I want back to school to get a 3rd degree all my classmates were fucking millenials and they looked at me like I had the plague for a second when I took notes with paper and pencil. Then they proceeded to bury their heads in their laptops with half the class making one hell of a racket pounding on the keyboard while the professor lectured and the other half shopping or looking at face book.
Idiots stayed at the building all day every day reading case law over again and studying in their cubicles while I treated it like a job and clocked out and went home when class was over.SURPRISE, if you write shit down you REMEMBER it. Idiots.Not that millenials need to remember anything what with their fucking smart phones taped to their foreheads.
And don't get me started on the sensitivity training. W-T-F???Okay everybody, lets have a 2 hour orientation meeting and some group exercises to explore why you should use the word retard as an insult. Also let's talk about privilege.Jesus millenials are such fucking cry-babies.
I use pencil and I have intact readable notes from undergrad classes I took last century.
While I'm rambling about school I would advise everyone to get an MBA.I don't have ANY notes from business school because it's a complete joke.A chimpanzee could get an MBA.Except for Wharton were Donald J. Trump went, which I am sure is very rigorous.
Well IT is STEM, correct? Not surprising your classmates have brains.A someone with 3 degrees, none of them STEM, I can conclusively state that everyone without a STEM degree is a fucking RETARD.ALL bachelor of arts degrees, ALL non-science PhDs, all bull-shit "professional degrees," etc. are garbage degrees for garbage people idiots like me.People with MBAs, JDs, Philosophy/History/Lit/whatever PhDs, political "science" degrees, journalism degrees, etc., etc., etc. are all the academic equals of high school drop-outs.This is why the political class and the media are so confused right now and can't get a handle on Trumpamania. Because they're all just as dumb as fat hill-billy man wearing Trump hat standing in line 2 hours for a rally.
Clinton, Bush, Obama.All attended ELITE ivy-league schools, all did as good a job as a random person picked from the phone-book would have done.Gee let's take a look at what they studied. Business. Law. Foreign Service. History. Political Science. International Relations.B.S., B.S., B.S., B.S., B.S., and B.S.
Six-Sigma.Throughput.Deep Dive.Synergy.Best Practices.Core Competency.How about that impressive list of buzz-words? I have an MBA you know. Make me President of the United States.
The Rubio people might be setting themselves up for "exceeded expectations" hype because it looks like he has a REAL chance to edge Cruz for second place.
Post debate polls showing Rubio tied with Cruz.
PPP, Post Debate, Rubio - 18%, Cruz - 18%SC House GOP Caucus, Post Debate, Rubio - 14%, Cruz - 14%http://www.realclearpolitics.com/ep...imary-4151.html
The GOP has already almost completed its mission of fixing the south. We've pretty much run the party of slavery, the party of the KKK, and the party who launched a treasonous rebellion against the U.S. completely out of power down here. And along the way things have gotten better. With the GOP in charge, blacks and whites can now eat together at diners and live together in our communities. Also our police forces don't loose dogs or turn fire hoses on blacks either.It's pretty great. Stories my dad tells me from his youth, when Democrats where in charger, and pretty horrific. Hard to imagine things like KKK rallies being held in the high school football stadium, pretty disgusting what went on under Democratic control for so many years after the civil war. Sore losers I guess.
A lot, because anyone who isn't burying their head in the sand will have to accept the reality that Trump is going to be the nominee, and as we know the air of inevitability causes a candidate's support in primary contests to snowball.If Cruz can't overcome Trump in South Carolina with 2 weeks to focus solely on South Carolina, he cannot overcome Trump across multiple southern states in the same short time-frame before Super Tuesday.Rubio doing well enough here to force JEB! AND Kasich out, which looks unlikely anyway, is not enough to overcome Trump. Rubio and Cruz would have to enter an un-holy alliance which would require, among other things, Rubio willing to accept Cruz as his VP, and Cruz willing to accept second fiddle to little Marco Rubio.Good luck with that. LOL.
If ANY OTHER HUMAN BEING was in the position Trump was in, the media and the establishment would have accepted long ago their inevitability.The media and the establishment are hilariously delusional about the odds of someone beating Trump, and frankly it's bizarre watching then wring their hands over who is going to come in 3rd place state after state.
Some people got into a skirmish at the Trump rally, and he called them on stage and let them speak.This guy is playing on another level.
Prophetic:
Good times.
Donald Trump only needs a plurality in order to be the nominee.I know the GOP is dense and dumb as fuck, but believe me, we're going to get it through to them that fuckery will not be tolerated. This isn't the authoritarian "Democratic" Party. The peoples' champ will be the nominee, or the GOP will burn.Democrat lemmings may be cool with trying to stack SCOTUS in order to destroy our 1st and 2nd amendment rights, and they may be cool with trying to stack their nomination process with "super delegates"in order for the elites to hand-pick a candidate. We will abide no such bull-shit.If Trump wins more states and delegates than anyone else and is not the GOP nominee, the establishment is going to be on the bad side of those of us who have unironically uttered the phrase "second amendment solution." I don't think they want to be there.
Run Bloomberg run!!!Exactly what I thought the result would be.Bloomberg would steal a hell of a lot more Democratic votes.I mean really, what the hell is the difference between Bloomberg and Clinton other than Bloomberg NOT having the taint of being under federal investigation or being a completely incompetent Secretary of State.If the Democrats were smart, they would have begged him to just jump into their primary while their was still time.
What he can offer that she can't are things that appeal to the middle that Democrats have convinced themselves only appeal to extreme right wingers, like actually defending our borders and enforcing our immigration laws.
Carson, Cruz, Rubio townhall on CNN at 8pm, ESTTrump townhall on MSNBC at 8pm ESTCnn is doing all 6 candidates, split them up between today and tomorrow, tomorrow Trump, Bush, and Kasich will get their turn. So since he wasn't on it tonight, Trump decided to steal the thunder from Cruz and Rubio and offer MSNBC to do a townhall with just him at the same time. Which of course they accepeted.TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*click*
Trump is killing it on MSNBC. Anyone watching the low energy losers townhall on CNN? Are they going 1 at a time, or are all 3 guys fielding questions??? How's it going?
Cool. Trump reiterated his healthcare stance of getting rid of Obamacare since it sucks for us non-poors and increasing the use of HSAs and eliminating state borders for buying insurance, and then covering the poors and not letting them "die in the streets" via medicaid, workimg out deals with hospitals, etc/He also fielded a question from a female black entrepreneur and started bashing Obama over black youth unemployment and the disparity of unemployment between white and black professionals.
Trump show over. Switched to CNN. Impressed Rubio actually has a rudimentary understanding of technology and understands that what the .gov is asking apple to do is open pandora's box, and that foreign entities can make encryption software too. Most of the old farts are clueless.
Uh, NO. He said he wants to avoid a 5th justice who will vote to overturn any restrictions on WHEN an abortion may take place.We've HAD a GOP majority SCOTUS for 45 years. Abortion is still legal, GOP nominees don't vote in a lock-step partisan manner. That's what the Democrat appointees do, like they did in McDonald and Heller. A GOP majority court has not only kept abortion legal, it has made gay marriage the law of the land and upheld Obama's signature "achievement," PPACA.No one on either side of the aisle should have to worry that their rights will suddenly be trampled because of a change on SCOTUS. Over the past 45 years of GOP control, that has been the case, as civil liberties championed by the left remain intact. The same could not be said for civil liberties championed by the right if Democratic appointees had been in the majority.
JET FUEL CAN'T MELT STEEL BEAMS!!!TRUMP!!!*click*
Yeah. Watching his entire town hall appearance tonight, I REALLY want to vote for this guy for President.In 8 years after the glorious reign of Donald J. Trump the Unstumpable.
Donald Trump is the 80s candidate.It's all so clear now. His intoxicating nature. I don't have to live in this new world of the 90s and beyond.I can go back in time.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4xf50aUxaE
FYI no one should freak out over SPLC using images of Trump for their "Hate" report.SPLC is itself a hate group and no one but far leftists take it seriously.They are NOT a neutral organization that impartially points out and tries to combat all forms of racial extremism/hate.
Donald Trump retweeted some meme than had the incorrect statistic of 97% of black homicide victims in America being killed by other black Americans, when the actual number according to FBI statistics is merely 90%.Obviously a radical racist hatemonger. Someone get SPLC on the phone, stat!!!
Oh no, the pussified 21st century robocop pope doesn't like Trump. What ever will I do?The Catholic Church once was led by warrior popes who fought to destroy the heathen scum that assaulted Europe from the eastern wastes.Now it's led by wimps who want to make sure everyone knows all dogs go to heaven.PATHETIC.
DEPORT ALL PAPISTS
Trump's "you're going to find out who did 9/11" line was brilliant IMO.Listening to Alex Jones right now (don't ask) and Jones is worshipping Trump :"The Bushes, the Clinton's, Dick Cheney --- Donald Trump has all of their heads positioned in the guillotine"Trump's going to win the kook vote with the kind of margins Democrats run up with the blacks. In non-Trump years of course, the blacks love Trump and he employs thousands of 'em and has a GREAT, GREAT relationship with the blacks.
Throw the papacy on the ash-heap of history along with the GOP, the Bushes, and the Clintons.DONALD TRUMP WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AND LIBERATE US FROM OUR NEW WORLD ORDER OPPRESSORS!!!!!
Alex Jones calling for our prayers because THEY are DEFINITELY going to try to kill Trump now that he has promised to expose 9/11.
Alex Jones is now going crazy grunting and screaming "we've hit the sons of bitches but we need to keep on stabbing them just keep pushing in that knife!!!"
Join us brother.We will smash the elites and make America great again.
Is it really? Catholics seem like the type to vote Rubio or Kasich to me.Also FYI for the heathen liberals here, protestants and ESPECIALLY "evangelicals" and southern baptists --- NOT fans of the pope. This pope or any other pope.
WOW. An entire family of four in that itty-bitty palace behind those quaint little walls??? The pope sure does walk the walk.
I'm kind of starting to like this Alex Jones guy.
While wearing the shorts Rocky wore in Rocky IV.Hillary Clinton is Drago, and her Wall-Street contributions and PAC money are the steroids.Jeb is the log Rocky splits for firewood. The primary is the hill he climbs while being chased by the establishment, who are the Communist Party goons in the sedan following him.
Yes. As improper as it is, if he wants to pontificate on OUR country's politics, he should at least give an intellectual counter argument to something he disagrees with, not a petty, childish, zero-content "well then YOU'RE NOT A CHRISTIAN" blast to someone he disagrees with.Just as scummy as what happened to Kerry back in the day re: his support of abortion, but even worse here considering the source.
I hope ISIS actually does take the vatican and much of Europe. They deserve it, and it can serve as a warning to the crybabies in this country as to what would happen if they got their way.(USER WAS PUT ON PROBATION FOR THIS POST)
I'm there for the spectacle.He's got a pretty sweet racket. He keeps shilling products, so I looked at his store and he's selling a bunch of crap to scared survivalists probably all manufactured by companies he owns.
The Howard Stern clip is so easy for Trump to swat away."Well the sprung it on me, and I didn't know much the situation, and I said sure why not our leaders who are paying attention to these things probably know what's best, but then I actually sat down and thought about and called some people I knew who were experts and decided it was a bad idea, which is why I started telling everyone it was a bad idea"
Well he's not entirely wrong.The whole plastic surgery thing weirded me out on him. He was a good looking young man, I thought at the time no way he didn't have some serious psychological issues to mutilate himself.Turns out he was ahead of his time, these days self mutilation is "healthy" and not frowned upon.
Rubio certainly has a great shot at coming in second here.I've been holding off judgment until today, the LAST day of campaigning.Cruz's ground game is shit. Any claims of being similar to Iowa are pure spin.I live in kind of town and county he needs to run up numbers in to finish ahead of Rubio, who will do better in larger cities and population centers just like he did in Iowa.And my town is the seat of this county.No contact whatsover, and I haven't even seen a single damn Cruz SIGN anywhere in town. The only place Cruz has done anything is the handful of major cities, where Rubio is going to beat him anyway.I don't necessarily think this means Cruz CAN'T beat Rubio here, but I DO believe it will be close, and I DO believe Cruz has ZERO shot at an Iowa-esque comeback. Trump will roll.
High Mr. Trump!!!I am sick as a dog, my wife and I both have flu-like symptoms. I WILL be out early tomorrow AM bundled up and heading to my polling place to help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
My local news stations are ALL from Augusta, GA, even though I am just as close to Columbia which is actually in my state. Go figure. Were like 30 miles and an hour closer to Charlotte than Atlanta, but we get Atlanta Falcons games over CAROLINA Panthers games here in South CAROLINA. Dumb.But at least from them, the headlines are all about Rubio's endorsements lately, aside obviously from Trumpamania.Rubio = Cruz i.e. NOTHING.Trump = Yard Signs.Even the Carson-loving Mennonites have a Trump sign on the corner of the lot of their sandwich shop/specialty grocery store & bakery.
That was the part of the show I saw yesterday when I was saying I'm starting to like that guy.Entertaining as hell IMO.Also 9/11 trutherism is never not funny. Something about it is just so much more amusing than fake moon landing, grassy knoll, etc.
Roger Stone is on Alex Jones right now!!!
"constituency flip" is one hell of an exaggeration for a small fraction of the racist democrats on the margins flipping GOP, JUST enough for the GOP to slowly over the course of many years take the south, which wasn't largely achieved until the 1990s, after many racist voters alive in the 60s and 70s had died.The vast majority of racist Democrats remained Democrats. It's why Obama did better with Republican voters AND white voters but no better with Democrat voters than Kerry.Kerry won 41% of whites, 89% of Democrats, and 6% of Republicans.Obama won 43% of whites, 89% of Democrats, and 9% of Republicans.And the Democratic electorate was FAR more black in 2008. The only way to explain Obama holding steady at 89% of Democrats is the loss of white Democrat voters.Obama won only 85% of white democrats, McCain got 14%.http://edition.cnn.com/ELECTION/200.../polls/#USP00p1http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/pa...0/epolls.0.htmlLet's drill down and look at my state, South Carolina. Kerry won 92% of Democrats in South Carolina. So did Obama, despite higher black turnout. So again, the only explanation is he lost white democrats. ONLY 80% of white Democrats in SC voted Obama. McCain got 19%. No such effect with Republican voters in South Carolina, Obama got 1% more of the GOP vote in South Carolina than Kerry.http://edition.cnn.com/ELECTION/200...ls/#val=SCP00p1http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/pa...0/epolls.0.htmlNationally Obama won 89% of Democrats in 2008, yet was off pace with white Democrats, winning only 85%And this phenomenon was on steroids in the south - Obama in 2008 wins 92% of the Democratic vote in South Carolina, yet is WAY off pace with white Democrats, winning only 80% of whit Democrats in South Carolina.
Anyone with a brain already boycotts Apple over their business model of selling their brand, along with a computer that is overpriced based on components used by about 200%.
Exactly. Buying Apple computers is like buying Trump steaks. DON'T DO IT
Oh, so now we're going to try the 80s instead. Gee, why did all of these dastardly racists switch parties . . . . and then work to improve race relations and make life in the south better for blacks?I guess it's a well thought out conspiracy. They're playing the long con. Trick us all into believing they're not racist by not being racist, BUT ONLY FOR NOW. Things improving DRASTICALLY during the 90s and since, ALL A PLOY. The Republicans control the south now because of the racist Democrat sleeper agents in their midst, and any day now they'll strike and start reversing the massive progress we've enjoyed over the past few decades while the GOP has ascended.
Yeah, I know. ONE man, ONE vote, the data does not support your theory that the GOP is now the party of racist whites in the south. Sorry, GOP ascension and take-over has coincided with improvement, not regression. More GOP voters voted for Obama than for Kerry or Gore down here, while MASSIVE numbers of white Democrats crossed over to vote for a loser GOP candidate.
Ask any minority around here. Man would they LOVE to go back to the glory days of the 60s, 70s, and 80s when Democrats controlled our state and local governments with an iron fist.All these racist Republicans running things now, it's terrible. Blacks didn't know how good they had it in the south 30+ years ago. Heaven on earth.
Those 20% of white Democrats who refused to vote Obama here in South Carolina? They all actually just got him confused with McCain,. Yeah, it was probably some butterfly ballot shit or something.Not sure how Obama on the flip side managed to do BETTER than Kerry with Republicans in this state. Probably those sleeper cell dems, voting Obama to make their GOP host look good, all part of the long-con.
That seems to be what you lefties are arguing. I'd disagree. I think African Americans in the south have been much better off in the 90s, 00s, and today with things constantly getting better. I think they had to deal with some pretty heinous treatment in the past.
My name was brought up, and the only things I've argued in the past are that (1) The GOP was needed to pass civil rights, WHICH IS TRUE, and (2) that the GOP today in the south is NOT the party of racist whites, the Democrat party still is, which is backed up by exit poll data and backed up by the fact that things improved under GOP control here, because (3) people like Strom Thurmond are outliers, most rank and file Republican voters are not racist former dems, and most rank and file dem racists did NOT switch to the GOP. If they had, the south would NOT have gotten better under GOP control, and also the south would have come under GOP control a HELL of a lot sooner than the 90s.
Strom Thurmond was from MY STATE.He switched in 1964. But the GOP did not take over the state house until the 1990s. Beacuse Strom Thurmond was not representative of most racist Democrat voters. They stayed put, they didn't follow him, and the Democratic party stayed in charge.
The only thing I recall was this:http://www.joemygod.com/2015/10/04/...oy-marco-rubio/
She's torn between him and Trump. She wanted Christie after he destroyed Rubio (she always liked Christie but not as much as Rubio until then). She things Bush and Kasich are wimps, that Zodiac Killer seems sleezy (LOL talk about spidey sense) and that Carson isn't prepared for the job. She doesn't care for Trump AT ALL, but I've been ranting about the establishment and Rubio being the chosen one and only Trump willing to stand up for the working man and shut down visa abuse, deport low-skilled immigrant labor that is causing our massive labor surplus, oppose unfair "free" trade deals, threaten companies over outsourcing, etc.She said she feels guilty about voting against me but I told her she should just take her ballot, pretend that she is the only voter and she will hand-pick the president, and vote accordingly.99% sure you can chalk one up for Rubio.
Don't ask me, I can only speak for white Republicans. I don't know why they looked the other way on the Democrats protecting their precious rebellion flag flying at our state capital. I don't know why Clyburn endorsed Hillary, who will support the continued economic destruction of his constituency via open borders, amnesty, work visas, etc. over Bernie Sanders whose policies, while I disagree with them, would be better than Hillary's by a mile.Some people value their own loyalty I guess and don't easily break ties. I can respect that. I don't think it will last forever.
I need homoerotic Cruz-Carson closet make-up sex fan fiction NOW.
Wow. I had no idea I wanted the 40% of my fellow townsmen and women who are black to get shot, not eat, not vote, and not work.I thought that I believed in throwing violent criminals behind bars and stiffer punishment for people who commit assaults/murders/crimes with firearms, in higher employment and income via ending importation of foreign labor, both skilled and unskilled, into our labor pool, and every law-abiding U.S. citizen getting to vote in our elections.WOW, thanks for showing me the light.
Don't you get it?It's us. All of us. We're the final boss. Trump is going to stump THE WORLD.Let the abyss envelop you. Accept its warm embrace.
I know this is a comedy forum and not a serious place for discussion, but you probably shouldn't use those slurs Top City Homo.Not funny IMO.
Why the fuck is Trump letting that papist ass-hole off easy?
Summarily executing Muslim POWs with pig's blood coated bullets might be a bit extreme for me.WTF?
Skip to 33 minutes:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uh_fPsFbgMQ
Eh, screw it. GO TRUMP!!!"So What? They're Muslim"----Katrina Pierson
You want the MEXICAN government to tend to the needs of Mexican citizens?????You horrible racist monster.
Well he was talking about the Mexican government.I am very familiar with the wide range of nations in question. I've personally walked through facilities in major cities down here like Charlotte, located in black neighborhoods inside the city, where the work-force looks nothing like the surrounding neighborhood and is instead primarily composed of Guatemalans. Who are good, decent, hardworking people, but who should NOT have been allowed into this country when the surrounding neighborhood has an ample labor pool, and as a result is now marred by high unemployment and thus crime and poverty. Guatemalans have lower expectations re: pay, working conditions, enforcement of safety laws, etc., I'm assuming without knowing because Guatemala is probably a hell-hole in terms of pay, working conditions, and regulations vs. the U.S.
Kasich whiffing on every single softball that got lobbed his way in the CNN town hall told me all I need to know about him.Aw shucks midwestern moron.
If Trump and Rubio underperform/overperform their final poll numbers in South Carolina by the same % as in Iowa, Trump still wins.Also SC is a primary, while Iowa was a caucus. In the new Hampshire primary Trump's poll numbers also declined over the final week, but he performed much better.TRUMP WILL WIN THE GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA!!!
Chalk one up for Trump in South Carolina.     No yard signs or campaign flunkies at my polling place. No contact from the Cruz campaign over the past 2 weeks. Trump is going to steamroll across the south. Cruz has no ground game. Neither does Rubio.
Also this digital voting is bull-shit. I want PAPER BALLOTS.I'm fine with scantron technology and scanning my paper ballot to digitally tally the vote, since there is still a physical record.But pure electronic voting? No. I don't like this one bit.
Because recounts might not jive with the result manufactured by the elites.TRUMP!!!*click*
Rubio surge now has him ahead of Cruz in the CRP average for S. Carolina.I doubt Cruz drops out immediately and endorses Rubio, but if he comes in behind Rubio he loses all credibility.
Watch Greenville county tonight guys.Forget everywhere else, even the other counties CNN et. al. will say to watch.I am 90% sure Greenville will predict which one of Rubio or Cruz finishes ahead of the other.Greenville COUNTY is upstate, evangelical and social conservative as all hell.Yet the city of Greenville itself is rapidly growing, trendy, home to BMW, tech firms, etc. and definitely "new" south and becoming culturally distanced from other cities here. Rubio crushed it in Iowa in the growing urban areas.If Rubio keeps it close in Greenville county, Cruz is toast IMHO.
Why would Trump freepers be concerned about Rubio coming in second? It's the IDEAL scenario for Trump.Rubio, like Cruz, can ONLY beat Trump in a 2-man race, and Rubio would have a HARDER time doing so because Trump would pick up a larger share of Cruz supporters vs. Rubio than he would Rubio supporters vs. Cruz.
I guess that makes a big difference.Your typical voter leaning/decided on Cruz in future states is still going to vote. I am sure Rubio would get plenty of them, but it's not like Trump will get none of them and he already has a big lead.He's hovering close to 40% nationally. He really doesn't need that much of the other candidates voters to go his way as people drop out.Especially if Cruz refuses to drop out until AFTER March 1st.Trump could have a decent size delegate lead after March 1st and not even need to beat Rubio head to head AFTER March 1st. Trump could conceivably win a few fewer states and fewer delegates than Rubio in a hypothetical 2-man only race from mid march until the end.
And the fact is I don't see any way we have a 2 man race any-time soon. Why would Kasich drop out after today or even after March 1 when he has already conceded the south and is banking on the midwest & north??? Why would Cruz drop out after March 1st if he's ahead of or close to Rubio??? Why would Carson drop out as long as he keeps making money???
Would you prefer President Cruz???This is not 1988, the economy is trash on the precipice of another recession with zero recovery for main street from the last one, Hillary isn't going to get a 3rd Obama term like Bush did from Reagan.She's fucking losing to Rubio and Cruz in REGISTERED voter polls almost A YEAR before the actual general election.The Democrat should be winning general match-up polls either of registered voters OR this far out, much less both.President Cruz, President Trump. Pick one.
2008 Iowa TurnoutDems - 227,000GOP - 120,0002016 Iowa TurnoutDems - 171,000GOP - 187,000=======================2008 New Hampshire TurnoutDems - 288,000GOP - 239,0002016 New Hampshire TurnoutDems - 247,000GOP - 284,000=======================2008 South Carolina PrimaryDems - 532,000GOP - 446,0002016 South Carolina PrimaryDems - ???GOP - 733,204WE. ARE. ENERGIZED!!!We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!
Trump is speaking past the GOPe directly to WE THE PEOPLE.
LOL at that effort post a few pages back angry at Christians for voting for Trump.Indeed, what could be less Christian than putting aside petty differences and voting for the single candidate running on platform of NOT fucking over working people.Clearly it would have been more Christian of me to be judgmental about Trump's personal shortcomings and instead vote for one of the holy rollers who will continue unabated the bipartisan war against the American worker.Importing white collar STEM labor by abusing visa programs and putting American STEM degree holders out of work, after of course they suffer the indignity of training their replacement, importing cheap unskilled labor at the behest of corporate and Wall-Street donors and special interest groups like the Chamber of Commerce and putting rural and suburban white and inner-city minority American blue collar workers out of work and suppressing their wages, ignoring trade "partners" protectionism and blindly practicing unfair free trade ourselves, destroying the lives of millions of Americans financially, and also causing further chaos that arise from poverty and economic loss like divorce, broken families, stunting of childhood development as a result of such situations, LFPR decline, poverty, crime, etc.Gee, it's not very good for my fellow Americans, BUT Donald J. Trump is on his 3rd marriage and clearly not a devout Christian and has a potty mouth so WELP I should have done the Christian thing and fucked over my neighbors and voted for some smiling well-manicured Stepford candidate who will praise our heavenly lord and savior Jesus Christ and be the Judas to the American working class.
Trump is going to do best in blue states because SURPRISE he's not a right-winger.I love how liberals keep repeating the same lies and nonsense over and over in a pathetic attempt to make the rest of us believe them, but in the end only end up tricking themselves into believing their own bull-shit.Donald J. Trump is a centrist/moderate candidate for President. "Properly fortify our borders" and "enforce immigration law" are not extreme positions no matter how many times crybaby liberals say they are.Donald J. Trump is literally the only candidate not running on a platform of fucking the American people over.Wake up people. Trump is going to win it all.TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!
No.Like what the fuck is some crybaby bitch going to do to me???Advice for young people: do not be afraid to tell idiots to go fuck themselves. NO ONE likes whiny ass-holes and you'll be surprised to find out that if you tell them off most other people around actually won't have a problem with it, they're trapped just like you in a prison of their own making and they will derive great pleasure from seeing you break the chains.Kind of like everyone derives great pleasure from watching Trump shit all over these stuffed-shirt ass-holes.
Trump isn't a bully, he's the guy kicking the shit out of the bully.THE PEOPLE'S CHAMP!!!!
Might I suggest verbally tearing the losers down sir???I mean, Tim Pawlenty, really? WE THE PEOPLE will decide the election and WE. CHOOSE. TRUMP!!!!!
Once Rubio, Cruz, Carson, Kasich, and Trump divvy up Bush's impressive ~5% in the polls, Trump is toast???Sounds like fuzzy math to me.
Good. GOOD.One by one they shall bend the knee.Soon they will ALL bow before our golden coiffed idol.They WILL repent for their sins. They WILL be admonished for their crimes against the working man. They WILL disavow their false teachings.And from their lips a NEW chorus will spring . . . . "Make America Great Again"
LOL it's conservative as all hell and paradise on earth.My single gripe is that we're concealed carry only for hand guns and not open carry (long guns may be openly carried obviously), but frankly it's because the NRA has been focusing on improving gun laws in shit-hole blue states where they actually have to fight for our rights. If/when they have nothing better to do and turn their attention to getting open carry here, it will pass in about a day with zero controversy.Otherwise we have stand-your-ground laws for home/business/automobile, and also you can use a firearm in defense of another person and claim self-defense IF the person you are defending would be entitled to claim self-defense.Oh, and state preemption of local restrictions so Democrats can't enact any anti-gun laws locally in any cities they might happen to have or gain control of at the local level.
1. Trump
Was it Milliken? There's an abandoned Milliken plant in the town we moved to last year. There's an abandoned Milliken plant on the South Carolina side of the border near where I was born where my dad worked when I was a child that is abandoned. There's a Milliken plant in my Mom and Dad's town that is abandoned. There's a Milliken plant in a tiny town I pass through to go see them that's abandoned.
There's 1,000 of us for every one liberal shit-head who works in an office tower making six figures and telling themselves they know what's in our best interests.
What he literally said was that back when he first ran for office he literally relied on women who were "in the kitchen" i.e. homemakers but that things were a lot different now with them having paid jobs more typically.The people who made a stink about it are complete and utter morons. Honestly it was really fucking annoying and eye-roll inducing.
Hillary is already losing Florida in general election polling. Of REGISTERED voters.Obama barely hung onto it with 50% in 2012. Florida is going GOP.Probably Ohio too. Again, Obama barely held on at about 50%. Ohio has a popular Republican governor at the moment.The real big question mark for me is Virginia. Again, slim Obama win at 50%, BUT Virginia just gets bluer and bluer every year because of the population and wealth growth of the NOVA government parasites.It's why I think the electability argument favors Trump, not Rubio. Popular vote doesn't matter, nor does state level margin of victory. Trump winning Florida and Ohio close is just as good as Rubio winning them by 5 points. And Rubio losing VA by a point or 2 is just as bad as Trump getting blown out. But Trump has the potential to replace Virginia and replace the western swing states by causing a shift in the electoral map, which we seem kind of due for since the map and the swing states has been pretty consistent since 2000. He could potentially bring a state like Michigan into play.Clinton running up votes against Trump in California, Nevada, New Mexico, New York, etc. because of his immigration stance doesn't matter. She's not taking any Romney states from him, and she is NOT going to match Obama's black turnout and hold onto states like FL and Ohio. And Trump's immigration stance will not hurt him ONE BIT in rust belt states he could potentially push into the swing state category.Hillary Clinton could win the popular vote over Trump by a larger margin than Gore did over Bush because of steamrolling him in diverse blue states and it won't matter as long as Trump wins the electoral vote.
Uh, what rock are you currently residing under?I'd like to talk to you about Lord President Donald J. Trump, the Unstumpable. Accept him into your heart friend.
My friend, we will DROWN ourselves in this sweet nectar come Nov. 8th.
Yes, clearly GOP candidate trailing Democratic candidate 45.3% to 42.5% in general election match-up polls of REGISTERED voters has no shot in the general election. Especially one that is running on a centrist and populist platform and is a master of media manipulation and is generating vastly increased enthusiasm and turnout on the GOP side compared to the past that is just as impressive as what Obama produced for Democrats in 2008. And running against a shrill, unlikable, criminal who is at some SMALL risk of actually paying for her crimes and very publicly under federal investigation.Keep telling yourselves whatever you need to to cope with your impending doom I guess.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!IF YOU WANNA BE THE MAN, YOU HAVE TO BEAT THE MAN!!!!Little Marco Rubio just ain't up to the task.THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE TO YOUR COUNTRY NEVADA. WE'RE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!
CNN:LATINO VOTETrump - 44%Rubio (Latino) - 29%Cruz (Latino) - 18%GET READY FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP AMERICA!!!!
Hispanics 4 TrumpThey love him!!! He employs thousands of them!!!Trump will win with Hispanics
LOLVan Jones - "Zodiac Killer reminds me of Richard Nixon without the dazzling good looks and the warm personal charm"
Wait why am I watching CNN? Is Steve Hayes on FOX now? What about Krauthammer? I wanna bathe in their tears.
Zodiac Killer is Roy Orbison after his turn to the dark side of the force.
LOL even Obama knows Trump is going to roll come November.Reports he's considering EXTREMELY Pro-Second Amendment and EXTREMELY Pro-Tenth Amendment REPUBLICAN Brian Sandoval as his nominee.Literally the only bone thrown to his own party/base would be Sandoval's pro-choice stance. On a court that was already majority GOP for 45 years and never once banned abortion. They have upheld some restrictions, the types of restrictions Sandoval supports. Mayeb gay marriage. Sandoval was anti-gay marriage but pro "civil union" but now considers the issue "settled law" since SCOTUS has weighed in.DO IT Obama. Nominate this guy. We'll take him. We'll find a Scalia type later to replace Ginsburg. Because in the end, you simply . . . .. . . . CAN'T. STUMP. THE. TRUMP.
That's why he needs a beta who everyone will know is obviously Trump's whipping boy, and not his Dick Cheney.Marco Rubio, COME ON DOWN!!!
I don't think YOU understand it very well, or the NRA and we the people who make it up.If Obama nominates a pro-2A judge we will be screaming at the NRA to scream at the GOP to get him confirmed.
Gobbling up middle ground abandoned by both parties and swelling our ranks.
The only important question in that poll is how they'd vote in a hypothetical (inevitable) Clinton vs. Trump73% for Clinton.Obama got 71% in 2012.Let's assume latino turnout increases from 10% to 12% of the electorate, and Clinton gets a full 3/4 of them.In order to make up for the damage he has done to himself with Latino voters, and to flat out win the election, Trump would need to improve on Romney's performance with white voters by about 3% and take 62% of them. This assuming that white turnout gets ZERO bump from Trump, which is a pretty generous assumption in favor of Mrs. Clinton since we're seeing right before our very eyes massive numbers of new white voters participating in primary/caucus elections for Trump.
On the other hand, without Obama on the ticket, if latino voters do make up a higher % of the electorate in 2016, it's probably going to be at the expense of black voters shrinking as a share of the electorate, which means higher latino turnout as a % of the electorate could hurt Clinton, although I'm sure she'd make up for it by winning more of their votes than Obama did.It's going to be a wash, and this election is going to come down to whether or not Trump can repeat what he's doing now and get out enough of his new-to-politics supporters in November.It's Trump's to lose, not Hillary's to win. Ask me about how well having a poor candidate who does not generate enthusiasm and having to rely on voting AGAINST someone to energize the base works out. It'd sure as hell didn't work for the GOP in 2012.
Yep. Running up the score with whites and getting them to turnout in higher numbers will only matter in Ohio and in blue states Trump could potentially push into the swing column like Michigan.And the opposite of running up the score with whites for Trump not mattering in the south is the fact that running up the score with Latinos in California and New Mexico won't help Clinton either.Trump is already beating Clinton in most FL polls, so obviously the different make-up of the latino population there matters a lot.http://www.realclearpolitics.com/ep...inton-5635.htmlThe election is going to come down to current swing states like Ohio, Virginia, Iowa, NH, and Colorado, and POSSIBLE new ones Trump could create in the rust belt.
Donald J. Trump25 mins · Lightweight losing candidate Mitt Romney asks about my tax returns. I have a store that is worth more than him.
I want this euphoric high to last forever.The twin towers of the GOP are falling before our eyes. The Bush clan is nothing but a cloud of dust and twisted metal, and the establishment is on fire.Between tonight on the debate stage and Wednesday morning next week, we will witness its fall as well.TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!
It's on CNN. Not sure who.
The Tax Policy Center is shit.Right off the bat anyone familiar with/experienced in pouring through IRS income data would tell you that Zodiac Killer's plan is obviously on its face going to produce less revenue than Trump's assuming relatively equivalent economic conditions, GDP growth, etc.
Also only far left morons give any credence to comparing dollar amounts between tax reduction for wealthier vs. less wealthy tax payers.No shit the dollar amount is much greater, congratulations on your mastery of the concept of percentages.
Trump won last night, he's going to win on Tuesday, and his enemies still don't know how to handle him, and will never know, because you CAN'T handle him.TRUMP!!!!!
You actually are Mitt Romney, aren't you?The only remaining holdouts are delusional establishment members afraid to face the truth.Trump will be our nominee, Trump will be the next President.TRUMP!!!!
If the moon and stars align and literally everything goes right for Rubio, he COULD be the nominee!!!If Carson AND Kasich AND Cruz all drop out after Super Tuesday 2.0, AND Marco Rubio starts beating Trump by double digits the rest of the way in a 2-man race, AND Zodiac Killer decides to hitch his wagon to Rubio instead of Trump since either would need Cruz for a majority, THEN Rubio can STILL WIN THIS THING!!!!!LOL Good luck with your fevered dreams GOPe.TRUMP!!!!
WOW. Tough guy Rubio stars throwing punches after the fight is over. LOL.Guess he want to be governor more than VP.
When are you dummies going to understand?Trump is the best, and we're going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.So simple.
Roger Stone was just on Alex Jones in studio.He's a really good salesman for Trump.
WELCOME HOME MY FRIEND!!!!!!Welcome to our new, glorious reality.We're going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!
Trump is DESTROYING Rubio right now.Rubio, like Cruz before him, swelled with hubris and tried to dethrone the master.And now he will be crucified for his treason.
Trump rallies are the new OJ Trial.What the fuck am I going to do with my life once I can't watch them every day anymore???????
POLICE SHOULD ROUGH UP PROTESTORS!!!! THEY'RE AFRAID!!!!
Trump openly pondering skipping another debate.Bringing back up the blackmail idea to get them to donate to veterans.
BOW BEFORE LORD PRESIDENT TRUMP THE UNSTUMPABLE WOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
That was Roger Stone, who is a Trump spokesman (technically he was let go, but obviously he's still on the payroll)
LOL at the GOPe.Trump is going to drag these crybaby idiots kicking and screaming to electoral victory.Just shut up and enjoy the ride you dummies, we're in charge now, and we're going to Make America Great Again.
"Swing for the fences"-Donald Trump
If Trump kills it on Super Tuesday NO WAY does he skip a debate and miss the chance to gloat and dunk all over everybody.
Well played.
I don't know if they meant this Week with George S. on ABC, or if he has already taped a segment for Meet the Press on NBC, but I just watched him do this live on ABC. George, as you would expect, was a bit incredulous.LOL such desperation. Ted and Marco just don't know how to lose gracefully.
There's a lot of truth to this.I mean, if I ever question my support of Trump, I just have to look around and see that every massive piece of human trash in this country seems to be in a tizzy over Trump and loudly screaming about how awful he is.If all these ass-holes have a problem with him, he has to be doing SOMETHING right.Someone who is equally despised across partisan lines by scum like the Bushes and Clintons MUST be doing something right.Someone who scum like La Raza and the Chamber of Commerce are equally outraged by must be doing something right.Someone sending every crybaby bitch in the country into a frenzy must be doing something right.As they say, if you're taking flak, you're over the target.
lol at the idiots wondering if the media's hot "trump doesn't disavo KKK" take will stump him when he literally said he disavows the Duke endorsement on live TV the first time they asked him about it yesterday.Desperation. It's a beautiful thing.The GOP establishment is dead, and Clinton and the Democrats are next. Trump will win, and we will make America great again. So simple!
The Republican Party isn't going to crack up kids.Sooner or later, ALL will WEAR. THE. HAT.They WILL be assimilated.Collectively, we WILL Make America Great Again.
Bernie Bros only DREAM of revolution.WE THE PEOPLE, patriotic Republican Americans, are LIVING the dream.Bernie Bros talk the talk.REAL Americans walk the walk.The revolution has arrived. The power structure is being inverted. WE are in charge and Bush, Rubio, Priebus, FOX News, etc. will lick OUR boots and march to the beat of OUR drum lest they want to find themselves first against the wall.TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Joementum dehumanized himself and faced to reality the other day.It's a beautiful thing, like watching a baby being born, every time another soul has the veil lifted from their eyes and comes to know the light of truth.TRUMP!
NOVEMBER 8TH CANNOT COME FAST ENOUGH.No more voting against Obama. Voting against Gore. Voting against Clinton.FINALLY, A MAN TO VOTE FORChris Matthews had a tingle in his leg??? MY ENTIRE BODY IS FLOWING WITH ENERGY. WE. WILL. MAKE. AMERICA. GREAT. AGAIN!!!!!!

Calling us the party of white power is an infantile tempter-tantrum response.We're also going to become the party of black power. Our black communities have been DECIMATED by illegal immigration, imported foreign labor, and outsourcing.They have been economically knee-capped, and all sorts of other problems have stemmed from that - poverty, broken homes, crime, etc.So many have been dehumanized by the selling out of America. NO MORE.WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.Go down with the sinking ship and vote for the Wall-Street escort who has sold us out, or vote for the PEOPLE'S CHAMPION DONALD J. TRUMP
The Republican Party is D-E-A-D and we the people are dining on its entrails.A mere appetizer, as the main course awaits us in November.
Soon . . . . soon you will be born again, and you will come face to face with your new world, your new reality.trump
This is a good idea.I should start a Twitter.I have one with my real name that I use to follow sports writers that cover my teams and also Donald Trump.I should start an anonymous account for tweeting my hot takes on politics.
I'm shocked and appalled at Joe and Mika's betrayal. I had starting watching Morning Joe last week. Back to the terrible Fox morning show I guess.Good job NBC morons. You really had something going with the pro-Trump morning show.
@Boosted_C5THE BOOST IS LOOSE ON TWITTER!!!
How does twittering at someone work?I made a comment about Bill Krystol's dumb trump ad using his twitter handle, but twitter says I tweeted it at him. Does that mean only he sees it?
I feel like a whole new world has opened up in front of me. WOAH.People are following me? This is amazing. I take back all my past bashing of twittering.This is revolutionary. WOW.
twitter is awesome! I can directly insult the National Review crowd!!!TRUMP!!!
I don't think the GOP establishment and the media understand just how ROYALLY FUCKING PISSED OFF we are right now in response to them taking off their masks and finally telling us how they REALLY feel about us.Calling me a racist, comparing me to the KKK, inferring that we are white supremacists, etc. is fucking infuriating and I can't wait to watch Trump skullfuck these scumbags.
Chris Christie had BETTER be holding a press conference to defend Trump and WE THE PEOPLE from the media's bull-shit.
#MAGA
You seem AWFULLY defensive of media types Joementum.Admit it. You're some political science/journalism degree having press corps uber-dweeb. Which one???
Hell yeah. Twitter war vs. Rick Wilson.Twitter is awesome!!! Made some friends, saw some funny shit, and now arguing with some Trump hating dummy all on my first day.
What a wild final day before Super Tuesday.Rubio, Cruz, and the GOPe got down in the mud and labeled Trump and millions of WE THE PEOPLE as racists in their desperate last-ditch attempt to stop us.It DID NOT WORK.Tomorrow we grind the GOPe into a fine powder.TRUMP!!!!
I can't wait Mr. Trump.Deport the Clintons and the Bushes to Guantanamo Bay.Expose the TRUTH behind 9/11MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Just want you to know I love and appreciate you Joementum.A place will be prepared for you in the 1,000 year Trumpreich
You should have seen Megyn Kelly's show tonight.Obtuse willfully ignorant bitch.Guess what Megyn? TRUMP!!!!!
These videos are the best. I hope they continue during the Trump presidency.
FYI Trump is going to beat Clinton.How many more months can some of you people go before you look up and see the tidal wave about to crash down on you?Obama was a false prophet. Change IS coming now though. It is inevitable.
Calling Vile's Trump account a "shit gimmick" is just patently false.It was exceptionally true to life.
Exactly.Trump is the underdog. The entire political machine and ruling class is against him, and Rubio is their golden boy.
lol CNN is milking Lord vs. Jones for all it's worth. They're doing a segment with the 2 of them again now.
Tavis Smiley: Black America could get on Trump trainhttp://www.usatoday.com/story/opini...olumn/81150932/CHOO-CHOO!!!!ALL ABOARD THE TRUMP TRAIN!!!RED AND YELLOW BLACK AND WHITE, WE ARE PRECIOUS IN HIS SIGHTDONALD TRUMPS LOVES US ALL LETS BUILD THE WALL
I am becoming hopelessly addicted to the Alex Jones show and using Twitter why have you people pushed me to this???
SHIT. brb gotta go buy some infowars "deep cleanse" to flush out my system
CPAC going to set Saturday AM ratings records.
I have until March 16th-30th to decide if I should throw away ~$3,000 on a filing fee to try and primary my GOP U.S. congressman.http://scvotes.org/files/2016%20Ele...02016-02-24.pdfDECISIONS DECISIONS
How do FEC rules work re: fundraising, do you have to file and be a candidate first or can you start campaigning/soliciting and bilk people for money to pay the filing fee???
Rubio dissing North Florida is EPIC stupidity.THAT'S THE GOP BASE IN FLORIDA.Jacksonville especially is the rare major metropolitan area in the U.S. that is conservative rather than liberal. The only reason there was a Democrat mayor from 2011-2015 was the GOP candidate in 2011 being an insane Tea Partier and all the wealthy Republicans backing the Democrat instead.
Trump can EASILY clear 50%+ when states become winner takes all
http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com...ts/republicans/He only needs 69 delegates to hit his target for Saturday, and he's already ahead of schedule.If Trump wins the Louisiana primary and lost all 3 caucuses so bad he got NO delegates, he'd still be ahead of the pace he needs for 1,237 delegates.Trump will be fine.
Republican voters aren't Democrats, we're not simpering boot-licking authoritarian dick suckers.This will NEVER fly on our side.
This guy owns pretty hard
Supply and demand apparently isn't dogma anymore since that is what mass immigration boils down to - supply of labor outstrips demand for labor, therefore price of labor (wages) declines.Yet left argues until they're blue in the face that illegal immigrant labor, foreign worker visas, etc. aren't hurting Americans and only RAYSISM can explain wanting to ramp up deportations and shut down the spamming of work visas.
Donald J. Trump is going to be President of the United States of America.~God Bless~Justice Dept. grants immunity to staffer who set up Clinton email serverhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/worl....html?tid=sm_tw
The myth of a contested convention is nothing more than the desperate dreams of dying men.How delusional can these establishment hacks be? They think as the weeks go by and as states come off the board that losing candidates will maintain support levels?Once a chump like Marco Rubio is mathematically eliminated from winning, he's not going to break 10% in any state, much less 20%. Trump will DOMINATE late winner-take-all states.
LOL. Romney is literally creating new Trump converts.The establishment has overplayed their hand and more people are now opening their eyes and waking up and realizing it's not about idolizing Trump or pretending he's not severely flawed, it's about breaking the chains and destroying the oligarchs.WE THE PEOPLE have awoken. The mob has formed, our pitch-forks are sharpened, and we will NOT STOP until we have satiated our thirst for the blood of our oppressors.ONWARD!!!!
Holy shit people I never would have DREAMED in a million years would vote Trump are being driven to Trump.Thank you Mitt Romney for your clarifying speech. Thank you for so perfectly and succinctly embodying the establishment and for so perfectly demonstrating how desperate the powerful are to keep their power.
A fairy tale where Millions of voters continue to vote for candidates like Rubio even after they've been mathematically eliminated from winning thereby helping the elites stop Trump.It's not going to happen.TRUMP!!!
HAHAHAHAAHAAAAAON YOUR KNEES MITT
I've worn the hat. It looks absurd and my wife yelled at me.
I know where my bread is buttered.
Pretty much. This is definitely a Marco Rubio kind of neighborhood.She generally tolerates me being complete white trash so I can't complain. Never asks any questions about Saturdays being reserved for SEC football and Sundays NASCAR, and one time for my birthday she bought us WWE tickets to a PPV show.But there's certain things she just won't let me wear away from home. Trump hat falls into the forbidden category along with camo jorts.
No, she loathes Hillary like any intelligent and decent human being.Her biggest complaint about Trump is she's afraid he'll turn off too many people and give her the election.
He sells good hats on his site, but he never wears them. The MAGA trucker hat is going to be the hot piece of historical swag, like "I like Ike" buttons.
The GOP IS doomed. The Clintons and the Democrats are next.WE THE PEOPLE aren't taking any more shit.The people who fear Trump the most and scream the loudest about how terrible he is? Go fuck yourselves, YOU created him.Actions have consequences.
MSNBC reporter on site in Kansas, line wraps around the building, cops telling him they've never seen anything like it.Romney's speech and the #NeverTrump crowd ARE impacting the election. They are strengthening our resolve, and their desperation is a signal that we are winning this fight and we can win the war.Donald Trump has awoken a slumbering giant.Marco Rubio voters are the kinds of voters that weigh up white turnout. Trump is bringing out blue collar working class whites, who have been participating at rates not only lower than average for white voters, but lower than that of minority groups as well.WE ARE UNITED AND WE ARE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.Add Romney to history's dumpster next to Bush. Leave enough room for Clinton.
Vicente Fox!!!"BOOOOOOOOOO"Who's gonna pay for the wall???"MEXICO!!!"Who's gonna pay for the wall???"MEXICO!!!"
Holy shit. GOP Caucus site in Wichita having to make a Kinko's run for more ballots.
There is nothing dumb about attacking Clinton over her greatest weakness as a candidate - being completely corrupt and perceiving herself as above the law and above we the little people.What Clinton did was W-R-O-N-G. Period. She set up a private e-mail server to use for conducting the PUBLIC'S business. Unacceptable.Never mind all the classified info. confirmed on it.Anyone who actually understands the laws allegedly violated and understands handling of classified info knows this. Clinton is very successfully muddying the issue with b.s. that is legally irrelevant, like whether or not she knew any emails contained classified info, whether or not it was marked, etc. This is all fluff for the media and public that is not legally meaningful.And this isn't some personal matter separate from public service. Actions taken while in the role of sec. state relating to that position are 100% legitimate topics and 100% what SHOULD be a focus of any candidate's campaign against her.
There are only 2 more caucuses, Hawaii and Utah. Hawaii is open.Of the remaining primaries, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Missouri, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, and Wisconsin are all OPEN primaries with a total of 445 delegates.Trump dropped from 114% to 103% of delegates needed so far to be on track for 1237.I think it's still most likely that Trump will get to 1,237 and avoid contested convention talk alltogether.
When know when one of our own is bad.
They're not COMPLETE idiots, since Trump should be the LAST guy any Democrat wants to win the GOP primary.However the smart play would have been to vote for Cruz if they're trying to screw the GOP, not Kasich.
The last NBC/WSJ had Cruz 28, Trump 26 4 days before South Carolina. Trump has beaten Cruz 35-29% in the popular vote between SC and now.
Prayers appreciated. With the power of Christ and our votes at the ballot box, like the Israelites who threw of Pharaoh's yoke, we can throw off the yoke of the globalist elites and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
LOL. None of those villains can match the scum that is Hillary Clinton.Clinton is next. TRUMP!!!!
Never mind whether ABC/WaPo did a poll of Michigan, that Clinton v Trump poll itself is trash on its face - REGISTERED voters, not LIKELY voters.
Anyone watch little Marco's MSNBC town hall? Kasich's FOX one? Anything interesting?LOL at Rubio having to go to MSNBC where no one probably watched. The other 3 candidates all have their town halls on FOX tonight.
It's time to play the gaaaaaaaammmmmeeee
FYI after Cruz's town hall with Megyn, Trump has a town hall at 10pm est with Hannity.
Jesus Christ this veteran at the Trump town hall.We should just give these guys a million bucks in cold hard cash who get horribly maimed like this.
Oh, the little bitch who ran from the almighty SEC to play a B1G cupcake schedule endorsed Kasich?Yawn.SEC Country LOVES TRUMP Paaaawwwwwwwl*click*
I would GLADLY accept an Obama nominee that is pro 2A and on the record in the past as against the minority opinions in Heller and McDonald. They could be for mandatory late term abortions and socialized gay marriage for all I care.
What kind of massive liberal pussies get upset over Donald Trump saying "BELIEVE me. There are no issues there" and scream at their child to run from the room?These are the imbeciles raising the safe-space demanding crybaby morons that are going to flush this country down the toilet once they're in charge.
Trump goes "Presidential," seals the deal with the GOP electorate, masterfully begins and ends the debate by highlighting all the new voters he's bringing to the GOP, both times humbly WITHOUT taking credit directly, calls repeatedly for unity, currently has the media fawning all over his performance, and tomorrow he builds on and keeps this good momentum and narrative going with the Ben Carson official endorsement.TRUMP!!!!!!*click*
Trump/Carson 2016UNSTUMPABLE
LOL
Boo-hoo people made the choice to whore around and got themselves killed and Superwoman Nancy Reagan didn't stop it from happening.Pretty hard to catch an STD when you save yourself for a committed monogamous relationship with ONE person who did the same.This is one reason why I am pro-gay marriage. Remove all excuses and then spend research money on diseases that aren't typically directly attributable to improper behavior on the part of the stricken, like childhood cancers.
The only moral youthful whoring was MY whoring.
Does anyone want my hot takes on the research/treatment of health issues faced by fat people?
Unlike Hillary Clinton, Trump loves the gays. And the gays love Trump. He knows some gays, VERY NICE people. He employs some of them even.LGBT 4 TRUMP
I'm sure the people protesting Trump are all upstanding successful members of the community and will behave like adults and nothing will happen.
I was joking about the AIDS thing but I do honestly lust for some mild violence to break out when it comes to the Trump protesters. No fatalities though, just some scum-bag, wealth redistribution-wanting, gun-ban supporting parasites to get out of control and have their attitude gently corrected by some of Chicago's finest.Get mad you scum. You CREATED Trump. You pushed too far, and now you've awoken a sleeping giant. You think Trump is scary? LOL, it's US you need to be afraid of, Trump is merely our messenger.
I think it might creep out the Mrs. if I just wear the hat around the house tonight for no apparent reason.I don't think I'm ever going to wear it again since it's still in mint condition and free of sweat stains.
I guess I could buy another one. The camo is more my style anyway, I bought the red one for the collectability since it's the one he wears 99% of the time.
I NEED LIVE FOOTAGE
This is beautiful. Voters are being driven into the arms of Trump as we speak.Thanks cockroaches for showing your true colors. It's all about trying to silence anyone who disagrees with you and acting like hooligans.I hope FOX News just stays with this and doesn't run O'Reilly at 8pm
Can't get any better. Live video of Trump supporters behaving like human beings, ant-trump clowns behaving like animals inside the arena.Live interviews outside with protesters celebrating the silencing of speech.The GOP could spend $1 Billion in advertising and not get results as good as they'll get from this.
Well libs HAVE been hoping for 1968 redux. But instead of a contested GOP convention, they're gonna get Nixon 2.0 strongman to restore law and order.
True story: one time we went to a WWE event. It was a big-time PPV event to.Let's just say the crowd was WAY rowdier and consumder WAY more booze than a football game crowd.When the event was over, GUESS WHAT FANS WITH THE GOOD SEATS ON THE LOWER LEVEL, YOU CAN TAKE THE WWE FOLDING CHAIR YOU WERE SITTING ON WITH YOU AS A GIFT.Thousands of drunk rednecks who just watched a PPV, an ECW PPV to be exact with some extreme wrastlin' including fun with folding chairs, now emptying into the city with folding chairs.
I got my wish. No O'Reilly factor. FOX staying with Greta and live coverage.You hear that sound? It's the sound of the GOPe and #NeverTrump dying.
YESSSSSSS.Show the American people who you really are scum.We've got plenty of room for them on the Trump Train.LAW AND ORDER. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. SUPPORT ARE COPS.
YESSSSSS. Live footage on FOX of protesters getting violent and clashing with cops.1968 baby. 1968.
Just flipped over. Matthews asking what Trump would say to the guy who ran on stage, Trump masterfully expressing concern for his economic future rather than bashing him.
-Millions of swing voters this weekend
LOL at all the millenial babies in this thread that don't understand just how much damage is being done right now to Hillary/Bernie/whichever one has to take on Trump this fall.We've seen this movie before kids.
It's probably exclusively the 20-somethings and younger.If it makes you feel better I'm sure party insiders are already scrambling to come up with a strategy to respond to this since they're not stupid babies and have seen this before.
Trump pretty aware on FOX: "They haven't shut down the rally Greta, now we're getting even greater exposure with this TV coverage"
What color is the sky in your world, and when will you turn 21???
Trump admitting on FOX this will help him on Tuesday. LOL.
She'll convince her 10 viewers, but that story doesn't fly with any normal person because this was a Trump rally for Trump supporters or people considering him and wanting to hear his message, and thousands of leftists showed up for the express purpose of causing the shit-show that is now unfolding.The choice has been re-framed from between vulgar-language using strong-man vs. another candidate to vulgar-language using strong-man vs. frenzied mob of animals.
And more importantly it helps him with non-partisan swing voters.Lot's of millenial babies in this thread that don't understand their worldview is not shared by a majority of the country, just as the far right's isn't either.
You have to be a delusional leftist or clinically insane of you think this doesn't help him with "undecided" and "independent" and "swing" voters in the fall.
Educated and upper income white voters drive white turnout through the roof.The blue collar whites Trump has been rallying have been turning out at lower rates than them, and also lower than minorities.LOL at anyone that thinks there's no "silent majority" anymore.Also, as someone else said above, baby-boomers are having BAD flash-backs right now, and boomers vote.
A thing extensive surveying has shown.
http://www.washingtonmonthly.com/po...te_vo058922.php". . . census data and exit polls reveal that some 6 million white voters opted to sit out last November’s election. The data show these non-voters were not primarily Southerners or evangelicals, but were located in Northeast, Midwest and Southwest. Mainly, they fit the profile of “Reagan Democrats” or, more recently, a Ross Perot supporter . . . "
President Donald J. Trump.Get used to saying it.TRUMP!!!!
Quick, can one of you liberals put your money where your mouth is and redistribute some wealth to me in the form of platinum????\
What unoriginal moron gave me a copy paste of someone else's avatar???You could at least come up with something original and interesting. Low energy. Sad.
"One old guy punched a protester in the face and was charged. We had no choice but to respond in the logical manner of forming a mob of thousands, silencing speech, and creatinga powder keg that could have led to extreme violence erupting"
"We can't be expected to act like civilized human beings, why, Donald Trump says things that make us upset and one crazy guy threw a punch at one rally. Who can blame us for completely losing our shit in response???"
When have Trump supporters formed a mob of thousands and shut down a political opponents' event and created the risk of all-out mass violence???
No fucking way.NO. FUCKING. WAY.
To hell with tear gas, use lead.
These one at a time arrests of undesirables are inefficient and cut too much into Trump's speaking time.We need a more comprehensive solution to efficiently process these people en masse IMHO.
Catchy. I like it.
LOL
Yes, which is why the liberal brown-shirts' actions in Chicago will help Trump not only on Tuesday, but also in the general election.No middle of the road American sees ONE pro-trump old guy throw one punch at one rally at a protester, then sees thousands of anti-Trump deranged liberals trying to start a riot, getting physical with cops, celebrating the silencing of speech, chanting "F*** THE POLICE," threatening Trump supporters, etc. and says to his or herself "Hmmm..., I think Trump is responsible"Only blind partisan leftists think Trump lost the PR battle on that front, and it's pretty funny seeing them basically argue that they are animals who are easily set off into a rage by speech they disagree with and can't be held responsible for their own actions.Mr. and Mrs. Middle America Slob Idiot Swing Voter aren't buying it, and are now more likely to buy into Trump.
Urin (Urine?) Boarding might be going too far IMO.
WOAH. What is this new metal song on RBN's feed???
FIGHT FOR AMERICALAND OF THE FREEHOME OF THE BRAVEWE GOTTA FIGHT!!!
FIGHT FOR AMERICACHANGE FOR AMERICATRUMP FOR AMERICAI BLEED FOR AMERICAGOD BLESS AMERICA
This song owns.
PLAY IT AGAIN
TRUMPFORCE ONE HAS LANDED
INFOWARS.COMINFOWARS.COMINFOWARS.COMINFOWARS.COMBUILD THE WALL$$$ BERNIE - GEORGE SOROS PUPPET $$$
41,000+ on the streamMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Chat is at warp-speed. I can't even read any of ti anymore.
http://www.270towin.com/maps/adGjl
49,000.Come on, we can hit 50,000!!!!
Women's HealthCover ALL Pap SmearsCover Specialty Mammograms
LOL.You're gonna find out just how full of shit this article is on Tuesday.
How can you read that story and then ask why the guy doesn't support a socialist? What in that lengthy story gave you the impression that that guy is the kind of guy who wants government to improve his lot in life by taking from someone else to pay him off with government goodies?I mean, the entire article is about how he's never been a whiner, how hard he works for himself and his child, how he took initiative and basically turned himself into an unofficial Trump campaign official, etc.True Story: not every American who is poor wants to see other Americans who aren't taken down a peg and have their shit redistributed to them.Not every poor American has been stripped of all pride and dignity and humanity by the Democratic party and turned into their pets, whom they throw scraps and condescendingly pat on the head.Bernie Sanders has openly admitted he's all for taxing the shit out of even the middle class, for the sake of a maternal government that provides for people instead of having a limited government that allows people to provide for themselves.Does Ralph sound like the kind of guy that wants things provided to him, or the kind of guy that wants to provide things for himself and his family???
We ALREADY do this and then some.Taxing the ever-loving shit out of everyone for free tuition, free this, free that is not "helping people survive"We already have this thing called medicaid. We already have this thing called EBT. We already have this thing called SNAP. We already have this thing called section 8.We already pay for healthcare, food, shelter, etc. for the poor, and then some.And a lot of people SURPRISE would much rather pay for that all themselves via a good job. A lot of people would much rather see economic nationalism and lower taxes than more globalism, more taxes, and more nanny government talking down to them and pitying them and creating the circumstances leading to their economic plight, throwing them crumbs, and patting themselves on the back for being such good and caring people.
GOOD.The sooner my American brothers and sisters are left with no choice but to apply second amendment solutions to their plight, the better.(USER WAS PUT ON PROBATION FOR THIS POST)
Losing Ohio would be bad short term because of the media spin that will be put on it, and because it would be the first actual victory for #NeverTrump.It would be good long-term because it would guarantee Cruz never gets his one on one and guarantee Trump winning the Trump friendly and delegate fat states late in the process.At this point, I think Trump is more likely to hit 1,237 if Kasich and Cruz both stay in. People underestimate Cruz too much and write him off as just another Huck/Santorum who is being shielded by Trump's media attention. Nothing could be further from the truth. Huck and Santorum were religious right candidates ONLY. Neither had Cruz's chops re: being perceived as a strong constitutionalist or an ideologically pure conservative. Cruz might very well be able to beat Trump one on one in a GOP primary.
John Kasich pushing HARD for the votes of old people thrown into retirement homes by their heartless adult childrenInterviewed outside polling place after voting:Reporter - "Governor, what has been the biggest surprise for you running in your first national campaign?"Kasich (paraphrasing) - "I would say the number of people that are lonely and just want someone to listen to them. So many people who are alone, and have no one to hear their concerns, and no on to tell them they're special"
Hire me Breitbart.-Will work for cheap-Plenty of legal writing experience, will need little editing-Swole and not afraid of a little rough housing on the campaign trail-100% loyal to our Lord President Donald J. Trump the Unstumpable
It's morning in Trumpmerica!!!Sure, assuming Zodiac Killer beats Trump in some Northeast Winner-take-all states or California.Good luck with that.TRUMP!!!
Daily reminder that Donald J. Trump is going to be President.http://www.breitbart.com/big-govern...of-the-century/Anti-Trump Groups Threaten ‘Largest Civil Disobedience Action of the Century’
Oh really? Shame you can't see my surprised face.Let me tell you how shocked I am. I simply CANNOT BELIEVE that another pathetic loser candidate in the mold of McCain and Romney is getting the exact same poll treatment."Here little Republicans, here you are. Nominate this guy who is (a) the most palatable to US on the left IF we lose, but (b) definitely not going to beat us. Just look how well he polls! Our polls are honest, honest!"
Life is like a hurricane here in TrumpbergRallies, twitter, jet planes, it's a Trump-blur!Might win the GOPAnd rewrite history!Trump Deals! Woo-oo!Everyday he's out there makingTrump Deals! Woo-oo!Deals with Carson Deals with ChristieSmart Deals!D-d-d-danger! Watch behind you!GOPe will try to ratfuck youWhat to do, just grab on to some...Trump Deals! Woo-oo!Everyday he's out there makingTrump Deals! Woo-oo!Deals with Carson Deals with ChristieTrump Deals! Woo-oo!Not stupid deals or loser deals, no,Trump Deals! Woo-oo!
Cant Stump the Trump Volume 21:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lK6pz_nktMLOL the 28 days later music.
Sure it does.Trump knows that despite their anger, their vitriol, their scheming, their hand-wringing . . . . in the end all who attempt to stand in his way will fall, and will dehumanize themselves and face to Trump.TRUMP!!!
I have never read the Art of the Deal but I know the answer to this question, and so do you. Look into your heart.
Vandalizing other people's cars is the main reason we need to retain the death penalty, IMO.DO. NOT. TOUCH. ANOTHER. MAN'S. RIDE.
The opposite. People who put bumper stickers on cars are clearly NOT car enthusiasts. But even those people do not deserve to have their rides defaced. NO ONE does.I would not even deface Hitler's car.Auto vandalism is an abomination.
I'm the world's greatest dad. It says so on my coffee mug.And Donald Trump will Make America Great Again, it says so on his hat.
I don't get why Rubio ran for President when he is so obviously unwilling to be an elected official. Why the hell would he not run for Senate, Governor, or VP???
Right wingers spend their time working and making intelligent decisions rather than throwing group crybaby temper-tantrums i.e. "rioting"Therefore they usually have jobs/houses/things
You should move to a nice Republican neighborhood IMHO.
Hillary "Superpredators" Clinton can't hope to compete with Donald J. Trump, Champion of Civil Rights.Donald Trump Fought to Include Jews and Blacks at Palm Beach Golf Course in 1990shttp://www.impulsetoday.com/donald-...ourse-in-1990s/
I hope the leftist animals among us continue to show their true colors all the way through election day in November.Keep it up!
Hahahahaha.Think I'll just sit back and continue to enjoy the show. Act 1 is coming to a close, up next, Act 2 where all the liberal media idiots over the next 7 months parrot the right wing media idiots from the last 7 months, right up until the returns roll in on election night and they realize repeating their own b.s. over and over doesn't make it true.TRUMP!!!!
Afraid so friend. Most people simply cannot view things without their personal bias blinders.The protesters simply don't understand this. Most of the posters in this thread are the same way. They'll hand-waive it away or tell themselves it will only help Trump in the GOP primary. They live in a bubble and actually think typical Americans are going to blame Trump for being a big meanie.
Don't let the haters deter you. You're a great American.
This is utterly useless because we have no idea how many of the "strongly agree" and "somewhat agree" respondents view it as a positive rather than a negative.Of course the same goes for the other way, no telling how many of the disagrees view the lack of fascist overtones as a negative either.
If they believe this they should vote for Trump, rather than Hillary Clinton and the continued DEhumanization of the American working man and woman.
Digging this hayride music on the Trump stream.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgG3_h2wrts
Link?
Climate change is real and predates man.Man-made emissions being part of the total mix of factors effecting current climate is also real.The notion that Al Gore's fever dreams of Armageddon befalling us are certain to happen if we don't fork over tax payer dollars to a bunch of scam green energy companies owned by leftists is what is truly absurd.Wake me up when the left in America starts pushing new nuclear plants and stops offering "solutions" to climate change that accomplish nothing other than putting people out of work and ruining the environment and landscape and slaughtering birds with dumb-ass wind mills.We wouldn't have such a problem and such a debate if the "environmentalist" movement wasn't completely overrun with and run by socialists and grifters.https://www.democrats.org/issues/environment-Solar Panels and Windmills!!!-Higher fuel standards!!! Make evil polluting American working men and women drive lightweight plastic deathtrap appliances on wheels with shitty engines!!!-Tax coal powerplants!!! Make evil polluting American working men and women pay higher home energy bills!!![NO mention of nuclear power. NO environmental issues page on Hillary's campaign site which is chock full of issues. NO mention of EPA brownshirts policing people's PRIVATE PROPERTY]Wake me up when a Democrat candidate for POTUS runs on a platform of breaking ground on new nuke plants and doing so during THEIR OWN FIRST term. I'd like to see an actual environmentalist Dem for the first time ever and not just another bull-shit artist.Oh and I didn't even mention Democrat approved TRADE DEALS that lead to all the crap we buy being produced in dirty foreign plants. Poorer Americans, no jobs, and MORE pollution - the OFFICIAL Democratic Party platform.
Jan Brewer is what happens when your friendly local chain-smoking Waffle House waitress decides to get into politics.
Your optimism is refreshing.Nuclear plants are a BIG deal and not exactly ripe for Democrats and their donor friends to use for grift like solar panel companies, wind mills, and carbon credit trading schemes.I don't expect our rate of opening new nuke plants to increase AT ALL over my lifetime.
Don't worry, you'll adjust to a new climate quicker than you think. Also as you get older, the hotter the better.When I was a kid, I was that guy who wanted the AC in the low 60s and had my ceiling fan on high.Now I'm the opposite. I always use a blanket in the evenings when I watch TV, NEVER run the ceiling fan in the bedroom at night, and long to feel the sun beating down on me during the summer months.
Put this guy on the ticket as VP.A great American who's not going to take it anymore. TRUMP!!!
Donald Trump is unifying our country. I, a southern conservative WASP, stand with that angry violent black man. We are brothers, we are one, and we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN one boot stomp to the face of a liberal scumbag at a time.
The neighbors I actually talk to on one side of us, but their retired Air Force GOP voters so I wasn't exactly afraid they'd get mad.Retired judge 2 doors down wife died a few months ago and he's been scarce. I think spending a lot of time with his kids' families.My other neighbor is a pearl clutching old liberal widow and I haven't told her.
SOON.http://mycountdown.org/fullpage.php...merica/New_York
Perhaps you should look in the mirror friend. You are the company you keep.Come to the light. We can Make America Great Again.
Trump is completely defending angry black guy who beat down protester on This Week with George Stephanopoulos, pointing out that the protester's "partner" in crime was wearing a KKK hood and saying the black gentleman was incensed by it.DONALD TRUMP STANDS WITH REAL AMERICANS NO MATTER WHAT
Hillary "Superpredators" Clinton certainly wouldn't stand by that man who was obviously traumatized by having his evening ruined by a racist Democrat in traditional Democratic KKK garb. She'd probably just support some crime bill or something that would make sure he gets locked up and the key gets thrown away.
You're a great American with proper taste in automobiles.
That's the Art of the Deal baby.TRUMP!!!
Like idiot liberal protesters, the Mexicans seem hell bent on helping Trump win:http://www.bloomberg.com/news/artic...-efforts-in-u-s
If anyone needs a good nap, Hillary is speaking at AIPAC right now.On a positive note for her, she's not yelling!!! The shrillness factor goes away when she DOESN'T YELL. Why haven't her idiot advisers fixed this issue? They had a segment on MTP yesterday crying about SEXISM over the criticisms. Not smart, making excuses and blaming others means you won't fix the problem.Anyone know what time Trump speaks to AIPAC today? This shit is a snooze-fest, needs to be Trumpened up a bit.
Mustard is good but I'm more of a mayo guy myself when it comes to burgin'DUKE'S mayo of course, none of that Yankee trash like Hellmanns or KraftMustard definitely belongs on dogs though.NO KETCHUP. If you put ketchup on a 'dog, you're probably the kind of trash person that would like JEB!'s guac "recipe"
'Round here we call that "dragging it through the garden"
So I've been told. Like Trump, I have VERY large hands, and BELIEVE ME, there's no problem you know where.
Flexibility and stamina as the years go by however are another subject.
There's nothing better than a quality hot dog or sausage dog with some good mustard, some good Chili Sauce (NO BEANS!!!), and some good cole slaw, made of course only with DUKE'S MAYO.
WOAH.Those would be strong shots if they came from someone who had any credibility outside of their own small state and who wasn't a radical left-wing lunatic.
WOAH
He did well. OF COURSE it wouldn't rate with this crowd.
By well I mean he pulled of "presidential" and delivered a prepared speech i.e. what was expected.It sucked balls though compared to Trump rallies. Fortunately things like this will be few and far between, because the people he was speaking to and for tonight are not the people who will decide the election.Trump rallies appeal to the people who will decide the election, Mr. and Mrs. Middle America
I'm not going to wait for the numbers, and I wouldn't look them up if they were available now, but I'm pretty sure something like 25x the number of people watched WWE Monday Night Raw this evening vs. AIPAC speeches.These are the people that will decide our fate.
Amazing how the gap has suddenly widened astronomically NOW that Trump is close to actually becoming the nominee, yet there wasn't a blip in his progress vs. her after every new Trump comment-gate the media came up with for over 6 months.Media pollsters doing their part to help Kasich and the GOPe.Pravda had more integrity.
LOL.Stong man Trump - "fuck these terrorists, waterboarding is too kind a fate"Weak-kneed feminine Hillary - "I'm in distress!"
God Bless America
Alex Jones is WAAAAY more entertaining than Rush.You should make the switch IMO.
I had no idea Tucker Carlson was an infowars kind of guy.
The best part of Alex Jones is after a topic of discussion has been wrapped up, and he raises his voice and starts yelling about the evil sick globalists who feed on baby body parts and come from broken homes and want to kill you and your family BUT THERE NOT GONNA WIN WE'RE GOING TO FIGHT YOU IN THE STREETS AND KILL YOUR FIRST YOU DEPRAVED BASTARDS AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I'll stick with drinking water, eating protein, and working out.You can't just prep your gun cabinet and your food pantry for the collapse, you've got to prep your body bro.
Jesus, watching MSNBC in the background all day, and the entire left in unison pretty much going with the "well she DESERVED to get raped, looking like that" take on terror in Brussels.Mean ol' Donald Trump and Mean ol' Zodiac Killer saying mean things and dividing Muslims and non Muslims, mean ol' Belgians not fully integrating Islamic immigrants, why we westerners were practically BEGGING to get murdered again by these poor misunderstood adherents of the religion of peace.
Even JEB! endorsed Cruz now???HahahahahahahaI'm dying here.These sad, pathetic mother fuckers are getting on their knees and sucking off Ted fucking Cruz to stop Trump. And it won't work anyway.Hahahahahahahaha
I drink your tears! I DRINK THEM UP!!!TRUMP!!!
Oh my, look at all of these conveniently and coincidentally PEREFECTLY timed polls showing Donald Trump getting SMOKED Mondale style by Hillary Clinton.Oh my I am sure these are legit and I am sure the liberal media has the best interests of the GOP at heart and I should buckle up for Kasich ASAP.LOL. The fear is palpable. Nice try pravda scum, you're not stopping this train.
You guys & gals ARE correct that I should be doing my part and wearing swag in public, so I ordered one of the regular fit ball caps off the site that says TRUMP on it and underneath that MAGA.Best of both worlds - I can wear a hat that doesn't look ridiculous and I can keep my iconic red MAGA hat in pristine condition. I'll probably place it on our mantle next year along with the state required framed photo of Lord President Trump the Unstumpable.
"Skewing" implies that they tried to do an honest poll and accidentally came up with a bad sample.This is out and out propaganda designed to scare people into voting Kasich.THINK ABOUT IT. If Trump was ACTUALLY going to get blown out by Clinton, do you think NBC, Bloomberg, etc. would tell Republicans about it in time to stop it? THEY WANT CLINTON TO WIN. If Trump was easy fodder, they'd protect him until he was crowned in Cleveland, not frantically wave their arms and scream "HE'LL LOSE IF YOU NOMINATE HIM"
We've found our official Trump Party Slogan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTbkbH3x7LQ
I love this earth
I'll bring it up again.Democrat POTUS candidates over the last couple decades, on average, win the uneducated vote by 2 to 1 over the GOP candidate. TWO TO ONE.Just LOL at anyone who thinks Donald J. Trump can't possibly cut into that.
IF???Hahahahaha.I cannot wait for the never ending barrage of concern trolling tweets about this from Trump, crafted to seem on the surface as though he's just concerned or even supports Ted, but in reality designed to keep this shit THE focus of the campaign for days or weeks.
After much research and scientific examination, I have concluded that Robbert Morrow owns.
LOL at everyone who thinks Hillary Clinton is invulnerable and RV polls from March mean she's going to win.Donald Trump is a political assassin and no one, not even lyin' Zodiac Killer, is as scummy or has as many skeletons in their closet as Hillary Clinton.Dehumanize yourself and face to Trump.
Democrats are basically celebrating their ass-hole neighbor's place burning down to the ground.Also they live in a duplex.
Well my friend, there's a full can of gas sitting right here for you.Vote Trump on Nov. 8th and do your part to burn that motherfucker down and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Where are people getting these ridiculous GE maps from?Like, they all show Florida blue when there is exactly ONE 2016 Florida poll of LIKELY voters and it's Trump +1 over Clinton.http://www.realclearpolitics.com/ep...inton-5635.html
Honestly, the most likely outcome of 2016 is President Hillary, but anyone thinking she's going to steamroll is delusional. She will NOT get Obama turnout now matter how bad Democrats think Trump is. Let me tell you how successful the strategy of hoping people will turn out to vote AGAINST the other party's candidate was for us in 2012.I could see Clinton winning with Trump taking Romney 2012 states plus 2 of the states Obama BARELY won with 50% - Ohio and Florida, but not being able to retake Virginia (D.C. suburbs growth) or any other swing states or turn PA or MI red.Obviously I am all in on Trump though and betting he doesn't suddenly lose his touch this fall. People hoping the general public and retard "swing" voters will judge him by his primary campaign and ignore his general election turn to the middle are really grasping. Primary voters are MUCH more intelligent and informed than general election voters. Trump is tailor made to steal away chunks of the dipshit vote from the Democrats. He's going to do things like lift his embargo on THE VIEW and make those idiot bimbos swoon even more than they did this week over how safe he makes them feel. He's going to crusade for WOMEN'S HEALTH and every moron retard swing vote loser who rolls out of bed at the crack of noon is going to eat it up. Donald Trump is a showman, he IS our PT Barnum, and the show he'll put on this fall will be a redemption arc where America swoons over his WWE style face turn.
Betting on Clinton stumping Trump is essentially betting on the intelligence and thoughtfulness of the American electorate and their ability to not get scammed.If anyone feels confident making that bet, more power to you. 2012 taught me that America is dumb as hell. GOP put up center-left Romney and after he schooled Obama in the economy debate, Obama pivoted to WOMENS HEALTH and started painting MITT FUCKING ROMNEY as a right-winger. I laughed my ass off and told myself it was over for Obama, but I was young, naive, and actually believed American voters were too smart for that obvious con-job.
What color is the sky in your world???
That's nice but the fact of the matter is he won the economic debate, his peak followed that debate, Obama pivoted AWAY from the issue alltogether after that debate, and even on election day exit polls showed Romney won the economic argument. Obama really did beat him by running the final weeks on WOMENS HEALTH and painting Mitt Romneycare as a right-wing extremist.
Shrill, yelling Hillary is going to be contrasted with soft-spoken Donald concernedly talking to that broad that played Rosanne's daughter about women's health. Like how can people not see this coming? People just think Trump is going to mail it in after the convention? Have people never seen Trump speak BEFORE this campaign started? Do you not understand he's playing a character right now? The bigger Trump plays it up, the better he does in the GOP primary, AND the more appealing his face turn will be. People LOVE tearing down and watching the tearing down of celebrities that have been built up. But, even more, they then love and swoon over the rehabilitation and comeback.It's so obvious what Trump's next act is going to be, but the political class, which includes the Clintons, is so fucking stupid they'll never see it coming this time either.They're all going to once again be sporting that "I just got hit in the face with a nerf bat" look this fall, and especially on election night.
I can understand why some people don't want to vote for Trump, but this is getting ridiculous.He's getting slammed on Morning Joe for not respecting the post WWII "New World Order" and for suggesting that Client States pay us for our military protection.Donald Trump is literally being called "unfit" for the presidency for daring to take the EXTREME and RADICAL position that we should not in fact give away $Billions of dollars of free shit every year to 1st world wealthy nations.
There's an easy compromise between people carrying firearms at the convention, and Secret Service protocol requiring no firearms on civilians in Trump's presence:Allow all the delegates who wish to and have a valid permit from their state to carry on the 18th-20th, but not on the 21st when Trump will take the stage to deliver his nomination speech.Permitted Republican gun owners don't commit violent crimes, and literally nothing will happen if thousands of them pack heat in the Q.
Innocent until proven guilty???This is TRUMP'S AMERICA now son.
Waterboard Rafael Cruz until he admits his adulterous ways.
This image alone is all the needs to be placed in the history books for the 2016 election.This explains everything.
Fat Stupid Americans are going to line up at Donald Trump's Golden Corral of politics and eagerly devour every ounce of greasy bull-shit he shovels onto their plates.DEHUMANIZE YOURSELFTRUMP
It feels like I was on this massive, epic, 9 month bender and now I am hung over.This shit sucks. LET'S GET THIS PARTY STARTED AGAIN. WE NEED HIGH ENERGY!!! WE NEED RALLIES AND PRIMARY WINS!!
Any Republican President would be great for LGBT since it was a GOP appointee majority court that made gay marriage the law of the land.It's the democrats that nominate nothing but lock-step partisan whackos who vote unanimously as a hive-mind against civil liberties. We can only pray Democrats don't get to appoint a 5th mindless Bill of Rights hating drone to the court.
Can't Stump the Trump #22https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3s1TqVNOL0w
We're already there. We have a trash president who was demonstrably unqualified and unprepared for the job and America voted him into office anyway, and then reelected him despite 4 years of proof that he's an incompetent clown.Hold onto your butts and get ready for President Trump.
Trump's VP.http://www.weeklystandard.com/article/2001736~GOD BLESS~
It's been FAR too long since the last Trump rally.Alex Jones was running a story about biker gangs planning to show up to "stop" the anti-Trump protesters. If only it came true.
Trump asking women in the audience to provide a verdict re: tape of the Lewandowski - Fields incident.
This case will be tried in court - God King Trump's Court.
Holy shit.Dying woman in the audience talking about receiving a handwritten letter from Trump in the hospital.Edit: Trump apparently helped to pay for her son's collegeEdit 2: And he's Mexican-American
I needed that. I am RE-ENERGIZED!!!TRUMP!!!
Military strength does not necessarily mean spending as much or even more money than we currently do.We can strengthen our military without additional cost or even with lower expenditures if we stop giving away free shit to wealthy freeloading nations.Being world police has proven to be thankless and fruitless. Fuck everyone else.
DOD expenditures that benefit other nations do not fall under foreign aid, they are DOD spending.
Leaders waste money and get taken for a ride by free loaders-An idiot
This story doesn't jive at all with the version of events told by the reporter who was right there, close enough to get some pepper spray on her as well.
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?!?!?!?I've been off the grid all day and I just turned on MTP Daily and the ticker says "TRUMP WON'T RULE OUT USING NUKES ON EUROPE" and "SOME FORM OF PUNISHMENT" FOR WOMEN IF ABORTION ILLEGAL
Criminal scumbag Hillary Clinton is going to be President and it's time for me to accept that reality and buy a shit ton more 30 round magazines and lowers and prepare myself for civil war 2.0
Well at least Trump got one piece of good news today.Exclusive: Most Americans support torture against terror suspects - pollhttp://www.reuters.com/article/us-u...e-idUSKCN0WW0Y3
Why do people try to compare Trump to Nixon? We already have Nixon 2.0 and she's going to be the Democratic nominee and likely the President as well.I mean, it's hard to make a case for any candidate in recent memory, not just Trump, being a closer analogue to Nixon than Hillary Clinton.Sure, Trump is trying to copy the whole "law and order" thing, but campaign strategy aside, Trump has little in common with Nixon. Hillary Clinton on the other hand is like the perfect Democrat version of him. Centrist, cynical politics, undeniably competent/prepared for the job, undeniably immoral, unethical, and corrupt, and a view of herself as being above the law.
Nixon and Hillary Clinton were/are both their respective parties' most qualified candidates in the modern era in terms of resume, capacity, politics, etc. and also least qualified candidates in terms of moral and ethical standards.
In other news I'm really bummed man.The GOPe is licking their chops and they seem REALLY confidant they are going to be able to ratfuck Trump, and Cruz suddenly seems REALLY confident he is going to be able to steal this thing on the second ballot.If it happens it won't just mean the end of Trump's candidacy, but I honestly believe it's also the scenario most likely to lend itself to the Democrats killing it down ballot.If Trump is the nominee and a bunch of country club Republicans vote Hillary, I still think they'd vote GOP for house and senate. But if the GOP apes the Soviet Union and puts forth a selected candidate, I can see millions of horrified and disgusted Americans who usually vote GOP refusing to participate in an undemocratic sham.
I've worn the hat, what am I supposed to do, wear it around the house everyday and sleep in it?I already ordered one of the dark navy TRUMP hats that are normal shaped to wear around town. Judging by the time it took for my red MAGA hat to arrive, I should have it before the 15th.
This is the lowest point. Lower than Iowa. Lower than just before Christie destroyed Rubio and the establishment was gleefully and prematurely celebrating the victory.They really think they've got this in the bag right now, and they're all seemingly blind to the fallout of selecting a candidate.They think they have the power now to steal this thing, AND they don't seem to be aware that there would be any negative consequences.
Trump is personally saddened by the garbage UN renovation job."They used terrazzo. SAD"
Well Hillary Clinton on MTP is giving me a little bit of a pick me up. Chuck Todd is making her look horrible without even trying to do so. She's such a terrible liar. She has NO poker face.
History repeats itself. Patriotic resisters must meet in secret and beware the watchful eyes of our socialist oppressors. Hitler's torch is now carried by the Social Justice Warrior Crybullies.NYU students who back Trump afraid to show their faceshttp://nypost.com/2016/04/02/nyu-st...fety-on-campus/
I'm feeling better and cautiosuly optimistic Trump can get between 6-12 delegates tonight and salvage something.If he can just get SOME delegates he's in great shape with NY coming up.At over 50% in the NY poll average with Cruz and Kasich struggling to hit 20%, he'll likely take all 95 NY delegates, right? That would get him really close to being back on track for 1,237, and then the following Tuesday has 5 Trump friendly North Eastern states (do NOT insult us by claiming Maryland is still part of the south, those people are Yankees through and through).
I was about to laugh at $1300 in Steam games but then I realized I don't know and don't want to know how much I have spent and would rather just go on living in denial.I think Steam expenditures are catching up to car parts since I haven't had a 'Vette the last couple years.
Wisconsin is a trash yankee state for garbage people.
Trump has 6 delegates in the bag.He could possibly get 9 if he wins the 1st district. VERY close there so far.That looks like all he can muster out of tonight.
John Kasich is literally never going to pass Rubio in the delegate count for 3rd place. LOL.
What mad man thought it was a good idea to make me a moderator of Your Candidate Sucks???All these new buttons. Gas thread? Moderator options?UNLIMITED POOOOOWWWWWEEEEERRRRRR
Great sense of humor though.
Perhaps its time to build the YCS division of the Trumpstaffel
In order to demonstrate my power in a humane way, I will now request a volunteer to be probated for 6 hours, the shortest period of time possible.Though you will suffer in bondage for 6 hours, you will emerge a hero of the revolution, and with the eternal thanks of our great leader, Lord President Trump the Unstumpable.
You are indeed a "Good Citizen"In 6 short hours, you shall return to us in an esteemed position of honor in our society.
Take note of my power, enemies of the people and enemies of Trump. But also take note of my benevolence in demonstrating that power.WITNESS ME.BEND THE KNEE.DEHUMANIZE YOURSELF AND FACE TO LORD PRESIDENT TRUMP.
For your selfless service in listening to talk radio and providing the people with daily intelligence summaries of the goings on there, I have submitted a request to reward you with the prestigious Trump Tower Medal and official membership in the Trumpwaffen.Congratulations citizen.
Needing admin approval to reward people with the Trump Tower gang tag is completely unacceptable.

OOPS. I have inadvertently revealed how blind I am with my 200% zoom on SA on Chrome on a 27" monitor.LOL at anyone thinking I would ban people who complain (justifiably) about college kids (who are absolute morons).
How else are hip and with-it guys like myself and Congressman Duncan Hunter supposed to get our Fallout 4 on? Can't run it on Ubuntu.
HELL YES TRUMP RALLY IN NEW YORK.You can FEEL the energy in the room, and the energy in Trump.Home field advantage - New York is going to recharge this campaign's batteries and WE ARE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
This crowd is fucking JUICED!!!Hell yeah, BUILD THE WALL.ARE YOU READY? ARE YOU READY? ARE YOU READY?WHO IS GOING TO PAY FOR THE WALL? MEXICO!!!! WHO? MEXICO!!!
I am glad to see you have seen the light citizen.I have submitted a request on your behalf.
Hell yes. DEAFENING Lyin' Ted chant from the crowd.Trump now admonishing the crowd to spell it right: L-Y-I-N-'
Last one for today. I don't want LowTax or any other admin to get pissed about being spammed with requests.I'm actually taking this seriously, because like Donald J. Trump, though my critics claim me a clown, I am a serious person who can help MAKE YCS GREAT AGAIN.
VICIOUS SNAKE POEM INCOMING!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCarMsa1Dxw
I hereby decree all Patriotic, Trump supporting, Zodiac Killer jeering New Yorkers as honorary southerners.Clearly a cut above typical Yankee scum.
What is my mod approval rating so far. This is important.I need a focus group. I have to keep my position.This is it. This is what it's like to be a politician. JUST TELL ME WHAT TO DO TO STAY IN POWER, I'LL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT!!!
Whoever does it had better use a close-up of his teeth for the avatar.
3 more lucky souls MIGHT get a Trump Tower if an admin approves my requests.After that, buy another custom title if you want it you filthy poors. This thread is for discussing Lord President Trump's domination of the 2016 GOP Primary, not for pan-handling.I'm a compassionate conservative so if it keeps up, I'm going to start cutting your welfare benefits (this is a metaphor for probating you).
I would literally prefer Boehner to still be Speaker over Paul Ryan.At least Boehner knew what he was.Paul Ryan is a delusional chump who thinks he's some kind of policy wonk genius. Also very punchable.
I can't wait for him to get Cantor-ed.
Yes. Screw the U.S. constitution and screw our laws enacted by duly elected representatives, we should totally govern our actions instead by an inscription written by an American poet on a statue given to us as a gift by the French.
Our currency literally says "In God We Trust."Maybe we should be following that? I don't know, just spit-ballin' here.
Uh, yeah, the monied interests WANT open borders and mass immigration. Labor surplus = cheaper labor.The laws are not broken, enforcement is.
Sounds like they'd support DONALD J. TRUMP for President.We can have immigration, but it has to be LEGAL. We're gonna build the wall, and it will have a big, beautiful door, and immigrants will come into our country LEGALLY.How many we need, with the skills/trades we need, with the law abiding values we need, when we need them.
They could just embrace Trump.Give in, bend the knee, let Trump be Trump, and focus party efforts on putting out his brush fires.
Alex Jones: "They" could try something like a low-yield nuke in Cleveland.Oh Alex, "they" won't be the ones doing the nuking. WE THE PEOPLE will. Move over Fat Man and Little Boy, we're going to drop DONALD J. TRUMP into the GOPe's lap.#MAGA
In other news for anyone wanting to gear up for Cleveland, OR stockpile before Empress Hillary Clinton's SCOTUS tears apart the Bill of Rights and 2A, I got an e-mail from Palmetto State Armory and D&H 30rd Aluminum Magazines are on sale for only $6.99!!!You could buy a dozen 30rd mags for less than $100!!!
Unfortunately it's too long, even if I change "2016 Republican Primary" to "2016 GOP Primary"
Who is this directed toward and why???
I'm praying for a President who loves guns and hates taxes.
Yeah, that's definitely a positive for Trump.Trump Derangement Syndrome (TDS) sufferers lashing out only makes him stronger.An entire major newspaper is a pretty big get.
Kasich has branched out from helpless old people to helpless autists. Kasich, in the words of Hillary Clinton, is a "superpredator" who's trying to tell us all something, if only we'll just listen.\
I have a useless European history degree and I specialized in Nazi Germany and 18th-20th century Russia/U.S.S.R.Imagine my bewilderment as a conservative reading SA posts over the years from Red Diaper Babies comparing Republicans to Hitler, extolling the virtues of socialism, and unironically complimenting people like Stalin or Lenin.
I like this guy already.Trump is supremely gifted at surrounding himself with cool and good people. Bullet-necklace lady, reporter-assaulting guy, twitter waifu rating guy, Roger Stone, etc., etc.
Imagine a world where you wake up one day, turn on the TV, and see images of President Donald J. Trump, Roger Stone, Cory Lewandowski, Katrina Pearson, Robert Morrow, Paul Manefort, and a couple of the most violent and bloodthirsty generals still in our armed forces right now gathered around a table like this somewhere in the White House with Chris Christie and Ben Carson solemnly clasping their hands in front of them with heads bowed standing over in the corner.What kind of terrible person do you have to be to imagine this and then go and do something like vote for Hillary Superpredators Clinton???
How could I have forgotten? SAD!
Do what I've done, invest yourself in superior SEC football and base your identity on that instead of politics for 2.5-3 years while waiting for another cycle and opportunity for America to get a non garbage President.
The Warriors tied the 1995-1996 Bulls record of 72 regular season wins tonight, and have 1 game still left in which they could break it.Michael Jordan is the crying man, and he played for the 1995-1996 Bulls.What the hell kind of man ARE you???Obviously some effeminate, limp-wristed, Democrat-voting "male"
It owned in the 1980s and 1990s because instead of slapping it was Bill Lambier, Rick MaHorn, Charles Oakley, Anthony Mason, the Davis brothers (not actually brothers), etc. punching people in the face and stomping on them while they're on the ground.I laugh at every 20-something moron who says the Warriors would beat the Bulls. Yes, I am sure little Steph Curry would shot lights out from 3 after Dennis Rodman threw him head first into the stanchion. Michael couldn't win jack shit until he bulked the fuck up and even skinny 20s Jordan was bigger and tougher than Steph Curry.
Simmer down now
I understand and accept that A LOT of my fellow Trump voters are drooling idiots, racists, ignorant white trash, etc., etc., etc.But let's be honest. As flawed and as ugly as many of them may be, they're still a rung above Hillary Clinton supporters.What kind of horrible, broken, twisted human being actually supports Hillary Clinton?Sad.
NY State Republican Gala coverage throughout the night on FOX NEWS.So when does Trump make an appearance???
What's terrifying American children are the absurd lies drama-queen liberal parents and the news tell their kids.Deporting illegal immigrants and not allowing immigrants and/or travelers to the U.S. from deranged Islamic countries shouldn't be frightening at all to any American children, unless you're a liberal and you think anchor babies like Liddle Marco should be given birthright citizenship.
What exactly is wrong with advising women to steer clear of dangerous situations?There's a BIG difference between BLAMING rape victims because of where they were/what they were wearing/etc. after the fact, and saying BEFOREHAND you should avoid large groups of drunk males.
John Kasich is just helping women fight the darkness!!!
I have a problem with this criteria.
Dark Souls 3 came out, perhaps you haven't heard.Trying to finish the single player campaign and satiate my invasion bloodlust before Lord President Trump's victory tour resumes on Tuesday evening.
The great state of South Carolina has lots of wide open spaces, forests, cheap housing, and extremely conservative governance i.e. you can live free without insufferable democrat ass-holes sticking their nose into your affairs. You don't have to get your car inspected and have the proper papers for it like it's fucking East Germany and you don't have to worry about government ignoring the 2A and telling you which semi-auto rifles you can and can't own. Also we have excellent BBQ (Vinegar-based Pulled Pork, not that Upper Carolina Mustard shit).SOUTH CAROLINA IS THE GREATEST STATE ON GOD'S EARTH AND A SLIGHT BIT OF UNDERPERFORMANCE ON THE EDUCATION FRONT WHICH IS PROBABLY JUST TEMPORARY DOES NOT CHANGE THAT
Rep. Peter King on Morning Joe just now: "I will take cyanide if Zodiac Killer gets the nomination."
New thread title BTW. Hard to top that quote.
Morning Joe is quote gold today. Joe Scarborough on Zodiac Killer: "Barry Goldwater's ugly step-son."
My body is ready. So long has the drought been, but tonight it ends.Prepare to be showered with wins. So many wins. So much we'll beg Lord President Trump to make it stop.But he'll say "no" and just keep winning.NEW YORK LOVES TRUMP AMERICA LOVES TRUMP
https://twitter.com/elizabethforma/...src=twsrc%5EtfwShe should direct her attention to this campaign's biggest crybaby, Hillary Clinton, the strong successful most prepared candidate ever whose campaign, en masse, wilts and sobs "SEXISM" every time old hippie grandpa dares to actually try to campaign against her, which isn't all that often since he's weak and ineffectual.I actually saw the other day were some Bernie people threw dollar bills at her SUV on the way to the Clooney fundraiser, which is a pretty witty and funny protest re: big money in politics and her and her SuperPAC's reliance on it, and the Clinton people sobbed "SEXISM!!!" for the 1000th time and tried to claim the protesters were sexists likening her to a stripper in a strip club.
Pro-tip: Clinton will not win Georgia
A poll with Clinton up 13 points in Georgia is not a bellweather, it is on its face trash not worth considering.If you had any doubts or thought maybe it's some kind of Trump effect, it also shows her up +7 on Cruz, a standard issue conservative republican. IN GEORGIA.The poll is rubbish. WHOEVER the GOP nominee is will win by a minimum of 5% in an election in which they lost badly nationally. A GOP winner will tale Georgia by maybe as much as 8-10%.
DRUDGE SIREN:NEW YORK EXIT POLLS:CLINTON 54% SANDERS 46%TRUMP 61% KASICH 24% CRUZ 15%60%!!!TRUMP!!!*click*
Tonight's soundtrack:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GwjfUFyY6MTURN DOWN THE VOLUME ON CNN/MSNBC AND CRANK THIS BITCH UP ON REPEAT FOR THE NEXT 2 HOURSCELEBRATE GOOD TIMES
Pro-Tip: Most of the Mexicans living in America are citizens or legal residents and Donald Trump has never said anything but positive things about them.
There is no GOP, there is only Trump.TRUMP!!!
LOL. Reality = They will consider whether to meekly ask Trump if he'll grace them with another debate knowing full well he'll tell them to pound sand and they'll look like pathetic stooges even if they impotently try to cry about Trump not participating.
Pennsylvania, MichiganNote: I am not delusional and saying this is likely, I just think Trump has a better chance to win them than Romney, McCain, or even George W. Bush did in his 2 election wins.For all the talk about Clinton killing Sanders with black voters, she's doing it within a Democratic primary pool of voters that is DOWN on turnout nationwide. She's not going to equal Obama's performance from either 2008 or 2012, and Trump will almost unquestionably outdo Bush/McCain/Romney in Michigan/Pennsylvania due to his new white working class voters. Unlikely to be ENOUGH to flip either GOP for POTUS, but possible. Basically if the next recession hits or of Clinton is indicted or let of the hook in an unseemly way with damning leaks afterward from angry FBI employees, then Trump will probably win MI and PA, otherwise he'll just lose less badly than Bush/McCain/Romney.
FYI Donald Trump is going to be President.Even Piers fucking Morgan has finally seen the light.Stop lying to yourselves, stop giving yourselves a false sense of hope with meaningless Q1 and Q2 general election polls before a general election campaign and Trump vs. Clinton battle has even started.Trump is no Bernie, impotently flailing against his party's political dynasty like a feeble pathetic old man. Trump skullfucked Jeb Bush REPEATEDLY on national television and by the time he was completely destroyed, in the primary state most friendly to the Bush family, he then shat all over the entire Bush clan on national television and told anyone who had a problem with it to get fucked.Dehumanize yourselves and face to Trump. PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP.
They're pretty useless with Trump, who has been getting actual vote shares WAY above his favorability ratings with likely GOP voters.Let's face it, your standard Republican doesn't like NYC limousine liberals. Millions of people are voting for an ass-hole they don't like, because he's THEIR ass-hole, championing THEIR until now ignored voice and concerns.
Why are people freaking out over Zodiac Killer and showtunes?Human garbage person enjoys show tunes, catholic priests enjoy small boys, news at 11.
It was going to take one hell of an arrogant insufferable douche-bag for anyone not named Jeb! to get a probation out of me, but WELP someone actually finally cleared that bar.Congratulations!
-Transgendered people should use the bathroom of the sex they identify with-Harriet Tubman on currency is cool and good but we should create a new denomination just for her not remove Jackson and give her $20 sloppy seconds-Abortion is OK in the case of rape, and the GOP should adopt it as part of their platformPivot Bowl is indeed well underway.
It's not going to work because SURPRISE, most GOP voters are not the caricatures the left paints them as.
A very small number of people will be turned off by them, a very small number of people will be turned on by them, a vast majority of people will not give a rat's behind and it will have zero impact on their upcoming vote, or zero impact on their feelings about how they already voted.
It doesn't matter if Hillary knows what's coming, she has no defense and Trump is NOT sad pathetic weak Bernie Sanders.She has no defense for the myriad of things Trump can crucify her for, and when she gives her canned evasive responses he simply won't let go and move on, even if the moderator tries to change the subject.She has no defense for voting for the Iraq war. She OWNS it every bit as much as the Bushes.She has no defense for her Wall-Street donations, paid speeches she won't reveal, SuperPAC money, etc. She OWNS it.She has no defense for extensive use of a private server to conduct the peoples' business as Sec State, a move that she had NO logical motivation for other than hiding something(s).She has no defense for her bumbling failures and Obama's bumbling foreign policy failures during HER tenure as Sec. State, THE foreign policy cabinet position. She OWNS them.Bernie Sanders is an incredibly pathetic political combatant. Yeah, he's great at campaigning for himself. REALLY great. He's equally terrible actually competing against someone else. It may not be enough for Trump to win, but whether Hillary sees it coming or not, he's going to destroy her character and credibility. Because it's something that is easily done by ANY candidate with a set of balls. She is completely and utterly corrupt, unethical, immoral, and one of the greatest embodiments of everything wrong, unsavory, and disgusting about American politics and politicians. She may very well be the next President, but if so only because the middle of the electorate found her slightly less unseemly and off-putting than Trump. I can understand completely any Democrat or leftist voting for her because of her positions vs. Trump, SCOTUS appointments, etc. But anyone who actually likes her or buys her "vast right wing conspiracy" crap is either delusional or a horrible person like her. She is scum to the core. I disagree with Obama A LOT, probably MORE than Clinton, but he's a decent human being. I'd rather he be President than her, because even if he's more wrong than she is, at least he has redeeming human and personal qualities. He and his family. Hillary Clinton is just a horrible human being.
You could just say he was a Democrat.
Am I supposed to feel sorry for these shit-bags?"Boo-hoo, we were only following orders/procedure/party rules"You know who else was supposedly only following orders . . . .
What the fuck first Michael and now Prince???The 80s are literally dying President Trump is our last chance to relive the magic don't fuck this up people.
Holy shit Trump is old and not in great shape what if Trump died this year???What if he wins but dies next January before taking office???NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Blanket banning trangender people from using the restroom of the sex they identify with is equally as legitimate and rational as blanket banning guns that look scary to people who don't know anything about guns or arbitrary magazine sizes.
And the SEC has a winning record all-time against literally every other conference both in regular season and bowl match-ups.Terrible analogy, because while Florida isn't the big leagues in American politics, the SEC is undeniably the big leagues in college football today by every rational measure - incoming talent in accordance with recruiting/scouting ratings, outgoing talent in accordance with NFL draft picks, on field performance re: national titles, on field performance re: bowl records year in year out, on field performance re: regular season records year in year out, etc.
Anyone who isn't an American citizen and is on foreign soil has NO constitutional rights. The U.S. can constitutionally discriminate in any way, shape, or form it chooses when it comes to denying foreigners the privilege of traveling to or immigrating to the U.S.OF COURSE tourists who visit us are afforded constitutional protections.
A correct ruling I would have joined the majority opinion in, as Guantanamo is not foreign soil. I feel the same about any U.S. embassy, base, etc.
A Mexican, a Saudi, a Frenchman, a Canadian, a whatever living in their home country has zero rights under the U.S. constitution and we can deny them entry to our country for any damn reason we choose, even flat-out discrimination. Stop being so obtuse.
That is correct, and does not in any way contradict my post you quoted.
Maoist made the 100% correct point that the U.S. is under no obligation to tailor its immigration policies to the wants of foreigners, but incorrectly stated that foreigner have no constitutional rights under the U.S. constitution since while that is GENERALLY the rule, there are exceptions, specifically them being present on U.S. soil. I'm pointing out that his point is entirely correct, semantic corrections notwithstanding.We can tailor our immigration policy any way we like and it's constitutional no matter what. We can flat out discriminate and say "no Greeks allowed" and it's completely constitutional.
Yeah, I'm sure that guy wants to vote for a racist misogynist. Way to prove the point of the person you were responding to.Also Donald Trump is not a racist. Misogynist? Eh, in some ways probably.Oh, and it's not like his opponent doesn't also have character flaws, but I'm sure you wouldn't accuse a Hillary voter of deciding to vote for a an unethical dirt bag.
He won't begrudgingly vote for Trump, he'll enthusiastically vote for Trump.The P.T. Barnum comparisons are so apt, this guy is THE showman of his time.And the pivot is well under way. Just like America loves a seeing a famous person destroyed, they also love seeing them rehabilitated.People are going to become emotionally invested in Donald Trump's journey to the center. He'll make sure of it.Megyn, the View bimbos, you name it, they're gonna be swooning over Trump's transformation. And he can pull it off, because "he's not a politician"All of his flubs and unfiltered heat of the moment gaffes? They haven't hurt him, but they will deliver him the presidency. You see, he's not a politician, he hasn't studied these things, but now he's learning all about them, and OF COURSE transgender people should use the bathroom they want, oh OF COURSE abortion due to rape is cool and by God those Republicans, of which I was not one because I was not a politician, should make it part of their platform.This guy is going to continue his song and dance right into the whitehouse, wearing that shit-eating grin of his, and America is going to love every minute of it.
LOL at wanting everyone to move to shithole urban areas.No thanks. I like peace and quiet, fresh air, and not having the same type of insufferable psychopaths who would tell me I need to live in a city telling me what kinds of guns I can have or whether I can have them, what kind of car I can drive, etc., etc.
Don't forget Newt Gingrich. He fits the mold for a Trump VP pick. Trump said he needs someone with a lot of experience, which Newt has, and Newt is also maybe the most experienced and prominent Republican who was pro-Trump from the start and never wavered. Also there was that quickly put together meeting in D.C. a few weeks ago and Newt was the only major figure who attended along with the no-name congressmen who had endorsed Trump and some of the guys who ended up on his foreign policy team.
"The terrorists win if we have any balls, the only way to keep America safe is by electing weak feckless stooges like Obama who will censor phrases like "Islamic Terrorism" because they're afraid of offending Islamic radicals, and who will get on a plane ASAP to Saudi Arabia to go grovel if they get real mad about a potential U.S. president not covering 9/11 up for them."Many democrats actually believe this and I am guessing there's a better than 50% chance the quoted post is dead serious and not actually an attempt at humor.
"We must walk on egg-shells to keep America safe, the Muslim is a wild inhuman beast prone to uncontrollable fits of murderous rage when offended, we cannot elect Donald Trump. PS Republicans are the racists."-A Democrat

I eagerly anticipate the rehabilitation of Charles Koch by Hillary Clinton supporters and their continued denial of reality.Donald Trump is the people's candidate, Hillary Clinton is the choice of the elites. They said it months ago - "No Jeb!, no problem, we've still got Clinton"TRUMP!!!#MAGA
Sorry about the Pook Good Mook thread shitting. I was sleeping like a normal human being who lives in the one true Eastern Standard Time Zone.
Pretty much. He's not going to "pivot" and become anti-second amendment and anti-tax cuts, and he's going to appoint SCOTUS justices who are picked out for him to make his promised public list (who will all be pro Bill of Rights/Second Amendment), and I don't give a shit about anything else.He can pivot and run on mandatory gay marriages and socialized abortions and all unisex bathrooms for all I care.I like Trump because I mostly only care about 2 issues and because he's a swing for the fences that could conceivably somehow win in spite of the Democrats' demographic/electoral advantage coming in. Anyone else WILL lose including Kasich who only polls well vs. Clinton because no one gives a damn about him and he has never gone through any national scrutiny since he's a joke candidate with zero chance to win the nomination.To be honest for a minute, I really wouldn't even care if he abandoned the wall, as much as I like the idea. Republicans really are not racist for the most part, I only give a shit about rampant immigration because of Democrats potentially being able to import enough voters fast enough to alter our political culture and to control the presidency for a generation, long enough to completely change SCOTUS and completely destroy the Bill of Rights with 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9 lock-step activists instead of 4 who will gleefully and with a straight face proclaim 2A actually means we don't have a right to keep and bear arms and the 14th amendment didn't incorporate it as to the states even though the guy who wrote it, and congressional supporters and opponents at the time of its adoption are all on the record in congress at the time pretty much agreeing that, YEP, 14th incorporates ALL of the Bill of Rights as to the states. Judicial activists HATE our Republican form of government and LOVE substituting their tyrannical authority for the rule of law so we get retarded shit like "selective incorporation"Less taxes, more guns, nothing else matters.TRUMP!!!
I'm in the Top 100 on SA for being ignored?Is there any way to find the names of these 75 misguided souls???
GIVE ME THEIR NAMES AT ONCE
Last Tuesday owned but tomorrow is going to own even harder when Trump wins not 1 state with 50%+, and his home state at that, but FIVE states at 50%+.Meanwhile one of the Drudge headlines today is that so far GOP primary turnout is up 8.7 Million over 2012. We're gonna hit 10 million+ before this thing is over, with most of the new voters going Trump.TRUMP!!!
Neither of my senators are on the ballot, but if one were I would go vote for them to help ensure the Senate remains in GOP hands and thus NO SCOTUS nominee could get by without the GOP's and thus we the people of the national rifle associations' consent.Otherwise fuck 'em. Hell, even if Trump is the nominee, I'm not voting for my rep. Joe Wilson. Leaving that blank. As for President I WILL be voting for the 1st place winner of the GOP primary, Donald J. Trump, whether by filling in an oval or writing in his name.
There would be no need to jump ship. Even iff Trump and we the voters get screwed, 2018 will probably go the same way it would go with a Trump win - it will make 2010 look like child's play with respect to establishment scum being primaried out of D.C. by upstarts. Instead of Tea Partiers it will be Trumpians i.e. nationalists. Which would be very positive because while some undoubtedly will also have typical social conservative views, many will not. We would get some fresh GOP blood like myself, that cares about important core issues like limited taxation and protecting 2A, but doesn't care about and certainly won't throw elections over crap like abortion and transvestites, and doesn't have any love for Wall-Street, open borders, unfettered free trade, etc. or any love for the Ron Paul libertarian "let them die" ideology and is willing to accept and try to improve and make more efficient having a safety net and not "letting people die in the streets"
I don't frequent FREEP, I've tried for science but that forum is atrociously designed, but in the circles I do run in Cruz-Kasich is NOT going over well. AT ALL.The diehard Cruz cultists will be loyal no matter what, but a lot of regular joes who were leaning Cruz over Trump with no axe to grind are PISSED.
My Syrian friends would agree with this sentiment (they're Christians who came here years ago because it was too dangerous to remain among their countrymen who were adherents of the peace-loving religion of Islam).
Mother fuckers stole my picture idea.Which one of you goons is Andy Kroll???
Watching Morning Joe highlights of Trump giving Kasich the JEB! treatment.THANK GOD good Trump is back. Enough of this boring "presidential" i.e. being filtered bull-shit.
Hell Yeah.We are riding this train, full speed, right into November 8th. We may lose, me way win, but either way it's going to be spectacular.
2016.txt
"Crooked Hillary" is the best and Trump should stick with that.Like "low energy" for JEB! and "Lyin' Ted" it works and it will stick because it's actually TRUE. It also conveniently plays into his entire narrative of fighting against a corrupt system.Hillary is the final boss of that cesspool of filth, the ultimate symbol of corruption, contempt for the people, tyrannical arrogance, saying one thing to Wall-Street in private while saying other things in public, hundreds in millions over the years in special interests donations, foreign donations, etc., etc., etc.
I've really got to slow down and enjoy this.It's actually happening.The guy I want to win the primary . . . . is actually going to win the primary for the first time ever.I won't be told to shut up and fall in line this year. I'LL be the one telling those people it's THEIR turn to shut up and fall in line.We did it. We won the civil war. The GOP is ours, the royal family is at our mercy, and our champion will assume control.Donald J. Trump is a goddamn American hero. Unbelievable. A rich ass-hole NYC Yankee, the unlikeliest of people to ever deliver us from the wilderness into the promised land.I will go to the polls in November, and for the first, and let's be honest, probably last and only time in my life I will vote FOR someone.God bless America.
I feel so sorry for Bernie people. They will never know my joy, their party is too far gone and even corrupt criminal scum like Hillary could not be toppled. But the GOP wasn't quite there, it still had a small chance for salvation, and we did it. They've longed for revolution for years, but we actually pulled one off.
No, see her vote totals.She's actually very sharp, but something just doesn't click.Also she has baggage since you can easily convince most voters that she's a terrible manager/executive because of HP. It's very debatable and you can make an intelligent case that she actually did a good job, but for the great unwashed masses it a simple matter of layoffs + stock price = Fiorina bad. It's like trying to argue against the Democrats' 2008 line of Bush cut taxes + recession happen while Bush still POTUS = tax cuts bad cause recession. Yeah, it's fucking retarded, but fucking retarded people decide elections so WELP.
Me.Me.Me.Boostradamus.
Failures are learning opportunities.2012 opened my eyes.I learn from my mistakes, and I questioned my worldview, I questioned the reality I perceived, I questioned the supposed laws of political physics.FREE YOUR MIND and you can see the truth plainly.
This speech is amazing so far.
2 Thumbs Up. Bravo. Ignore the GOPe and Democrat whiners who want to stick with the same broken ideology.
Today was an AWESOME day.Victory lap after CRUSHING the opposition in 5 states with WELL over a majority of votesKILLS IT with an awesome foreign policy speechKILLS IT with a great FOX News Town Halland tonight even one of Frank Luntz's focus groups is pro-Trump all the way.TRUMP!!!
It's another beautiful day in AMERICA!!!Boys, the view from the top is BREATHTAKING.The New GOP Order is on the march, with JEB! and Lyin' Ted behind us in chains.TRUMP!!!
Trump is going to win. Riling up people to go out and vote AGAINST Trump will not work. See 2012.No one wants to vote FOR Hillary. See massive turnout declines for Dems.
Conspiracy theory to antisemite is a bit of a leap, there's no "dog whistle"RELAX. Trump will be POTUS soon, and the REAL truth will be exposed, Saudis did 9/11.TRUMP!!!
I'm a Republican and I'm voting for Trump.
This is fucking bull-shit.Only citizens should be voting in elections, and you shouldn't be allowed U.S. citizenship unless and until you read, write, and speak English, no ballots should ever have to be printed in multiple languages.Preemptive LOL at the predictable incoming posts that this is somehow RAYYYSSSISSSST.
The "GO TEAM" Democrats will deny this until the day President Hillary bails out the banks again on their backs again.
OPEN YOUR EYES and FREE YOUR MIND.Abandon the go team mentality. The Republican Party. The Democratic Party. They don't matter.WE THE PEOPLE can run the show.You know in your hearts Hillary Clinton is scum. She is the most prepared and qualified candidate since Nixon, but you know that's not all she has in common with Nixon.You know in your hearts what you must do. Heck, you WANT to do it. You're just living in denial.Deep down inside, you want to live in President Trump's America.Stop lying to yourselves. It's time to come out of the closet. Join us.
I too remember the U.S. victory in Vietnam and the U.S.S.R. victory in Afghanistan.Surely you can't be this retarded . . . .. . . . Oh
Big thank you to all the anti-Trump protesters waving Mexican flags instead of American flags today.Also thanks for behaving violent too.
We already have sensible gun laws. Felons legally cannot have them, and retailers run background checks on every buyer.We also have a lot of stupid laws in some individual shit-hole Democrat states, and in the past have had them nationally like the AWB.Every time a Democrat calls for "sensible" or "common sense" gun laws you know you're about to hear a moron who doesn't understand firearms propose equally moronic laws, or in some cases someone who knows exactly what they're doing and preys on public ignorance to infringe upon the second amendment.
Yeah, shit like this is what I'm talking about.Good grief.Democrat hypocrites need to get over the fact that the second amendment exists, and need to extend the same treatment to the explicit right to keep and bear arms as they want extended to rights they maintain are implicit in the constitution and its amendments.If you don't like it, propose an amendment. Stop trying to put your foot over the line with b.s. laws, hack judges who will "interpret" it to totally not say what it says, etc.
-Everyone in AmericaTruly, Zodiac Killer is the great uniter of our time.And tomorrow, WE THE PEOPLE will lay him to rest.TRUMP!!!
Everytime I see your avatar my probation trigger finger gets itchy but then I read the username and realize it's you and not JEB!'s account.Stay safe out there.
Zodiac Killer is a nasty guy!He is choking like a dog and today we're gonna put him down.So many wins Lord President, I don't know how much more I can take.TRUMP
The Cruz Sr. - Lee Harvey Oswald concern trolling is hilarious.God I can't wait for the Clintons to face the onslaught that has destroyed the Bushes and now Cruz.2016 is the year of JUSTICE. NONE of the corrupt political class will escape atonement for their sins.WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by destroying every last one of them.To the American left I say, in the words of the Kasich campaign, after Trump becomes the presumptive nominee tonight, BUCKLE UP motherfuckers.You've watched the violence from your windows and laughed and cheered. Well now it's coming to your doorstep, and Reince and JEB! and Lyin' Ted have merely whetted our appetite. We're going to devour you and your unholy Clinton icons as well.The revolution you've always longed for has arrived. Only you're not the pitch-fork bearing heroes you imagined yourselves, you're the main fucking course.TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Watching playoff basketball.
God is real and God is love.Thank you Lord President Trump.
I wish I could claim to be a genius, but it was simply a matter of looking to my left and to my right, and seeing in their eyes that everyone else in the fox-hole with me was ready to charge and take these mother fuckers down.
Hell yes. I am so pumped up. Euphoria has subsided and been replaced with testosterone. The celebration was much deserved, but the celebration is over. It's time for more fighting and more blood.Hillary Clinton, watcha gonna do? Watcha gonna do when REAL AMERICANS rise up and run the Trump Train right over you???#MAGA
Trump self-funding wouldn't dent his fortune because he doesn't have to spend very much.WE THE PEOPLE have awoken. Ad buys mean jack shit.Let Hillary piss off everyone with slick and annoying as fuck political ads every commercial break. Let Trump continue to be Trump.
Welcome to the future boys.Remember when Obama got his ass kicked over the economy, and then immediately pivoted to WOMENZ HEALTH!!!!!#NeverAgain
Zodiac Killer SCOTUS justice is something anyone who has ever spent any time in the private sector/business world can see coming from a mile away.Often the easiest way to rid yourself of a royal pain in the ass is getting them promoted.
Search my post history.I told you so.Eventually, ALL will bend the knee. There is NO other choice. Trump is not an island, he is the chosen champion of WE THE PEOPLE.To deny Trump your fealty is to declare yourself an enemy of the people.SUBMIT GOPe. Unlike the pathetic commies who long for revolution and watch in tears as their feeble champion is slain by Hillary, we PATRIOTS are not violent animals by nature. BEND THE KNEE, accept your NEW role at the BOTTOM of the food chain, and NONE of you will be "first against the wall." All who repent shall be saved.
Oh we DO care about ideology - nationalism, our republican form of government, personal freedom, etc.We just don't give a flying fuck about theocracy or libertarian "let them die" anarchy or the "go team" political system in which all issues are divided along party lines and you have to accept your particular party of choice's position on everything no matter how significant or insignificant and no matter how unrelated to your core principals.Pro-choice, pro-life, WHO CARES.Men's room, ladies room, WHO CARES.America first, economic nationalism, 2nd amendment, low taxes, WGAF about everything else.It's all about WINNING again. Republican ideal to remove state lines as boundaries in the insurance market? OK. Democratic ideal to spend government money on care for the poor and those who can't afford to take care of themselves? OK. It's all good as long as we've got guns, money, and PRIDE in OUR COUNTRY once more.USA BABY!!!!TRUMP!!!!!
Yes, because Americans just LOVE the Orwellian Police state we have constructed in an attempt to keep ourselves "safe" without offending members of the peace-loving religion of Islam.The country will surely revolt if President Trump says screw it and just bans them from setting foot on American soil instead.
Search your feelings. You know what will happen.It is inevitable.We are standing on the precipice of a new age, the next step in human evolution.
Americans will also surely nod their heads in agreement when the Democrats scream like howler monkeys that tailoring U.S. immigration policies to the national interest in this way, which is both standard practice and completely constitutional, is NAZISM and TRUMP IS HITLER.Man this election is going to be great. The Democrats and Clintonites are going to lose their shit just like the GOPe trying anything to stop Trump.
LOLExclusive: President Fox Apologizes, Invites Trump to Mexicohttp://www.breitbart.com/2016-presi...s-trump-mexico/
There is no use pandering to the Dems with SCOTUS because they're not actually afraid of SCOTUS rolling back rights they care about. It has been a majority GOP appointee court for 4 decades and SURPRISE abortions are legal, and now so is gay marriage.The truth is the Dems see the Scalia vacancy and other potential upcoming vacancies not as a threat to them, but as an opportunity to carry out their threats against US and to install a 5th judicial activist who will allow them to destroy the Bill of Rights and roll back rights the right cares about, namely our second amendment rights. They're pretty open about it too, especially the two Clinton women.
You just described the Democrats perfectly.
No because I live in a red state. I have no fear of feds ever knocking on my door to confiscate arms. I DO fear my American brothers and sisters in blue states suffering that fate at the hands of local officials, or more likely, being deemed criminals overnight because of the arms they own, and having to either turn them over or live in fear of they day they are discovered and arrested for failure to do so.I also live in fear of a repeat of the 1990s AWB, which of course served only to attack and punish lawful gun owners and had nothing to do with safety.I live in fear of this happening since every Democrat clamors for it after every shooting, and starts spouting meaningless scare terms like ASSAULT WEAPONS and WEAPONS OF WAR.
The average Trump supporter probably doesn't care one way or the other.Trump should propose a $12 minimum wage and then promise to cut taxes enough that business will still SAVE money.And also tie it in with his economic/trade message and claim that it won't affect most workers anyway because he's going to bring back the GOOD jobs that the sinister Clintons gleefully sent overseas with NAFTA.SO SIMPLE!
I'm sure they'll succeed with their prognostications where little Nate Silver did not.Yes sir, the idiots of America will certainly not be swayed by a master showman to vote for him over a grating and corrupt old bag.These early GE polls showing Clinton winning the uneducated vote and low income vote by large margins will ring true in November.Surely Donald Trump will not repeat his primary performance and overcome early polling deficits and high unfavorables. Fat Poor Retard Americans are far too intellectual to be swooned by Donald Trump.
LOL.
http://www.infowars.com/exclusive-k...trump-campaign/IF ONLY THE FUHRER KNEW
Sweet Jesus.If this was 2012/Romney I'd be suicidal.But it's 2016 and this is Donald Trump.+2 in the polls.
Just because it's not actual authentic Mexican food doesn't mean it's not GOOD food.Not gonna lie, I would shovel that Taco bowl into my fat American maw.My family is also having tacos today. I'm making guac (high energy guac, none of that JEB! crap) and beef tacos.Just another RAYYYSSSISSSST Trump supporter.
Montasque, how the FUCK do you listen to Hannity for more than 5 seconds???I just tried and Jesus Christ I forgot how stupid and boring he is.
Someone who is Mexican Critique my white guy guac recipe and give me some pointers/suggestions:AvocadosTomatoRed OnionCilantroJalapenoSaltLimeGarlic
I don't out this in my guac because I put A LOT of cumin in my totally authentic taco meat recipe.80/20 angus+Chopped yellow onion+Red Bell Pepper slices+A pack of Skip Bayless' brother's taco sauce+ ALL of the cumin
If other people can insult my Irish heritage on St. Patrick's day by getting drunk and making everything green then it's only fair that I can celebrate Cinco de Mayo with white-guy tacos and guac. Otherwise it's REVERSE RACISM and that is wrong.
He probably means some ground mustard, which would make sense, but I have none on hand so in keeping with the theme of my recipes maybe I'll squirt in some French'sEDIT: It's our wedding anniv. and I need to go buy a card before she gets home so Ill get some yellow mustard from the spice aisle and report back on the results after dinner tonight
Pro-Tip: always get married on a holiday of some sort it well help you remember the anniversary
My wife immigrated from the Philippines, and sometimes when she makes the taco meat she puts some soy sauce in it.It sounds weird, but it's actually pretty good!!! Make 'em taste like Asian tacos!!!I think the wierdo chain-smoking liberals on those cooking competition shows call this "fusion"
Oh I see, you were joking and referencing putting mustard in the guac.I though you were talking about my taco meat.But you may have inadvertently stumbled onto something. I think adding a teaspoon of ground mustard into the taco meat mix might actually be good.I'm doing it. This is as exciting and rebellious as life gets for a southern WASP GOPer.
Abuela and hot-sauce don't even come close to her ridiculous black church accent and speech mannerisms.She's pretty bad.With Trump, I don't know, it just comes off as amusing and charmingly Trump-esque.
One day I am going to run for POTUS and scam rich people into paying me to take a year-long cross-country food tour.I am going to make Kasich look dainty.
LOL. It's like he WANTS to get primaried like Cantor.REST IN PISS Paul Ryan
Dangerous Donald fucking owns.Thanks Dems!!!Let's roll boys. We're heading down the HIGHWAY TO THE DAAAAAAAANNNNGGGEERRRRRRR ZOOOOOONNNNEEEEEE
Of course it's a good strategy. SEE 2012.It's NOT the economy stupid, because stupid people now determine the election thanks to years of Democrats controlling and destroying education, combined with years of GOTV efforts encouraging stupid people to get more involved.Obama had no leg to stand on when it comes to the economy, nor could he effectively debate the issue, and he got CLOWNED as a result.Solution? SJ W time. Paint New England Liberal Republican Mitt Romney as a forthing at-the-mouth social conservative boogeyman, and then lead an SJ W crusade against him. WOMENZ HEALTH!!!The GOP unfortunately aided the strategy, with some key senate candidates talking about "legitimate rape" and Romney himself shamefully pandering during the primary.If the election is about the economy, past, present, and future, she will LOSE.If I'm running the Clinton campaign, the election has to be about social issues, identity politics, and slamming Trump over his personal shortcomings.
LOL if you thought the winning would end after Cruz and Kasich dropped out.Day 2 - Taco bowl tweet going viralDay 3 - dunking on Paul Ryan and Lindsey Graham.Day 4 - ???So many wins. So many more days left until Nov. 8th
Deep down, this poster knows.He knows what's going to happen in a few short months.
You guys do realize Warren is a crazy person who no one who isn't already a diehard Democrat takes seriously, right?
I love life right now.Less than a week in and its already clear the Democrats, after spending months laughing and scoffing at the GOPe, are now in the same situation and EVERY BIT as clueless when it comes to figuring out how to handle Trump.The man has a legitimate shot to pull this off.God Bless America.
THE GENERAL ELECTION IS TOTALLY DIFFERENT AND THEREFORE POLITICS AS USUAL WILL NOW RESUME AND TRUMP HAS NO CHANCE-The beautiful, wonderful idiots on the left who are going to blow this election and pave the way for Trump
WOAH.Pro-tier avatar.
WE THE PEOPLE are taking back control.God bless this patriotic American, who like Donald Trump, actually DOES THINGS.Paul Ryan and Hillary Clinton are parasites who contribute NOTHING to society.Throw them in the trash with JEB!
He's not releasing them because he pays a lower effective rate than a lot of wage-earning professionals and Democrats, AS ALWAYS, would start harping on that, as if you're supposed to purposefully fuck up your taxes and pay more than the legally required minimum.They do it every time, despite GOP candidates WANTING to change the system.
I haven't felt this optimistic or proud of my country since September 10th, 2001.Every day I wake up now with a renewed faith in America and in humanity.I have no fear, I have no doubts. Trump will need to make the biggest improvement in polling vs. a general election opponent between time of becoming the nominee and election day ever. And you know what? He's gonna fucking do it. WE THE PEOPLE can do it. WE CAN move mountains. WE CAN defeat the powers that be, with all of the establishment, media, and MONEY against us. The American spirit of self-determination has been reawakened in us.We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!!!!
IT BEGINSAzealia Banks Endorses Donald Trump for Presidenthttp://www.hollywoodreporter.com/ne...ld-trump-891709
I gathered from the picture above the Drudge link she was (1) black, and (2) a celebrity.
Yeah but I am familiar with and like him, like all middle age white people, since he's "safe" and has been packaged now for mass consumption.Him supporting Trump is about as noteworthy as Carson or Cain.
LOL. Like anything would change if Indiana also became a mindless gun-grabbing shit-hole.SURPRISE idiot democrat gun laws that are designed to punish law abiding Americans are successful. They punish law abiding Americans. And they do nothing to criminals or to prevent gun violence, since they're not designed to do so in the first place.
Sure Reince, now that we've achieved total victory over you we will forgo the spoils of war.LOL kneel bitch.
MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAKeep up the good work guys and gals. Unskew those polls for your trash corrupt criminal scum Wall-Street puppet candidate.
We're still on week 1 of GOP nominee Donald J. Trump, he has barely begun to take fire at Hillary, and already Democrats are nervously wringing their hands, repeating ad nauseum that Trump can't unify the GOP with beads of sweat trickling down their brow, and unskewing polls.With each passing day I wake up happier and happier. I haven't been this relaxed in years.When will you learn your lesson. YOU CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP.NO odds are too great to overcome. Trump is inevitable.
Hillary is a mess.
Heys guys.Just stopping by between playoff games to remind everyone that Trump is going to be President.EMBRACE YOUR FATE
We can continue because WE made him our nominee and WE want those things.The GOP acquiescing is simply the GOP facing their new reality.Worry not child, your turn is next.Sooner than you think the American left too will face reality.TRUMP
We already did 4 years ago pal.
Every knee shall bow every tongue confess Donald J. Trump is Lord President
"John Miller" is the Trumpiest thing ever.That's our Donald.
Our Lord President works in mysterious ways.
After his 8 years in office are over, Donald Trump needs to be sealed in a capsule and launched into space in the hopes that future civilizations will find him.Donald Trump is peak humanity.
This guy gets it.The postal service owns and we need to spend more money on it and hire a shit-ton more postmen.I hope President Trump abolishes curb-side mail-boxes. All homes should have a mailbox by the front door, and mail should be delivered into said box only after door knocks/doorbell rings go unanswered and there is no one home to get the mail in person and chat with the mailman about stuff.
I don't want Sarah Palin for VP.I WANT OPRAH.
It's always funny watching arrogant elitists try and fail miserably to understand where others are coming from.
Captain_Maclaine and I take our IK roles seriously. We're planning on posting Toxx threads for Hillary and Trump during the conventions.I'll obviously be doing the Trump one, and I swear before our Lord President I will craft an OP that is tremendously luxurious and worthy of Donald J. Trump.
LOL. Another day, and somehow even better than the last. Another win, somehow more magnificent than the last. Turned on Morning Joe to an incredulous Mika and clips from FOX News with the main "witness" in the NYT story absolutely burying them as lying propagandists and praising Trump as a respecter of women.Dear New York Times,It's May 2016. In case you haven't learned yet . . . .. . . . YOU. CAN'T. STUMP. THE. TRUMP.
Oh it's happening. WE THE PEOPLE are in charge now. No Gods, no Masters.The Chamber of Commerce, the Kochs, etc.ALL will bend the knee.TRUMP!!!!
All will wear the hat.Speaking of which my Navy "TRUMP" hat arrived.
LOL great. She made a complete turn then, because she was shaking her head in disguts at the NYT and saying this is going to help Trump and getting along just fine with Donny.GOOD JOB NYT. Hahahahahahaha
As much as I'd like to credit Trump for 11th dimensional chess here, this is simply typical NYT.It has and always will be our Pravda and LOL at anyone who takes it seriously.
The Trump TOXX thread is up. I look forward to seeing most of you there, since we all know exactly what's going to happen on Nov. 8th.TRUMP!!!
That's the art of the deal baby
I will submit Trump Tower requests for everyone who gets in on the ground floor of the Trump Toxx thread. I cannot gaurantee they will be granted, I'm only allowed to submit a change for admin approval.
Once again, I shall slumber for 4 long years, only to be awoken when a new champion rises . . . .
WHO COULD HAVE ANTICIPATED THIS TURN OF EVENTS???
I think it's reasonable to believe there is some floor of latino support for any GOP candidate, because even if you think Trump is an ass-hole, if Hillary Clinton's beliefs and policy proposals don't line up with you and Trump's do, you're not going to vote against yourself.The problem is whether or not Trump can manage to get a bit above that floor by November.
Just LOL if you think enough people are going to step into the voting booth and resist filling in an oval or pressing a button to vote for Trump.Complete privacy, no one will ever know, and you have the power of a GOD. With one little swipe or pen stroke, you can make this golden coiffed mad-man leader of the free world.With one little swipe or pen stroke, you can lob a live grenade right into the middle of the D.C. political establishment, and get away with it without ever being caught.With one little swipe or pen stroke, you can raise both middle fingers high to every foreign leader, and face no consequences, ever.In the privacy of the voting booth, without risk of penalty, or risk of discovery, you can press a big, shiny, irresistible red button and send two trains barreling toward one another on the same track at hyper-sonic speeds.So many apathetic Americans will be unable to resist the siren song.TRUMP
If that guy posts here I'll ban him. Assuming I can ban him.THIS IS MY TURF BITCH AND H5N1 IS A MADE GUY
So many wins. I can hardly stand it.
Holy shit you weren't kidding.
LOL and he's still barely even touched Hillary, while has has touched his own skeletons and is pushing them out in the open while the media scratches its collective head yet again.TRUMP
Quick guys and gals, better get on that and start unskewing like you did with the FOX poll.TRUMP
Yard work is bliss.There's nothing like it.Taking pride in your property, keeping it beautiful through the sweat of your brow.My wife thinks I'm nuts but she never complains about the landscaping, flowering plants, etc. Bet she'd be singing a different tune if our lawn looked like that of the average Obama voter.
Donald Trump is turning effeminate loser druggie millenials, normally ripe fruit for the mental disease of American liberalism, into clean living MEN???Already making America Great Again 8 months before he'll even take office.#MAGA
Ho-ho-ho, what's this, a Washington Compost Poll follow up to the FOX News polls ALSO showing Trump in the lead???Should I go back and read the last few pages of the thread, has it been unskewed yet???
May 22, 2016 RCP Average:Trump - 43.4%Clinton - 43.2%May 22, 2012 RCP Average:Obama - 45.5%Romney - 43.6%Romney never had a lead over Obama in the RCP average until OCTOBER. He led for ONE day on October 9th, 2012. He later led for ONE day again on Nov. 1st.Trump today has his first RCP GE poll average lead nearly 5 months before Romney ever did.AND WE HAVE YET TO BEGIN THE DESTRUCTION OF THE CLINTON CRIME FAMILY.Only JEB!, W, and 42 know what is in store for the Clintons.#MAGA
Friendly Reminder #1: It's never too late to repent and atone for your sins: http://forums.somethingawful.com/sh...08&amp;pagenumber=7Friendly Reminder #2: On November 9th, when we wake up in President Elect Donald J. Trump's America, those who failed to see the err of their ways will be subject to random and indiscriminate probations on sight
By 0.1% for 1 day. Some more accurate pollsters' polls got phased out of the RCP average before new ones were done.While Trump leading Clinton today is a huge and positive sign for we the people, we do need to see multiple days of him in the lead to have evidence it's legit. The 2 Romney leads were blips on the radar that can be explained by a shift change in polls basically.
Stop fighting it Joementum. Every day you try to bury the truth deeper inside you, it will eat away at your insides, leaving a darker hole.http://forums.somethingawful.com/sh...hreadid=3776208Just hit "REPLY" and free yourself from the mental anguish.Let the burden be lifted from your soul.
WWJDAll who repent before the first network calls the election for Trump will be spared.
Why is there a radioactive icon next to my username instead of a grenade?
WHAT IS HAPPENING TO ME
With nuclear, the power, the devastation is very important to me.
LOW ENERGY JEB!LYIN' TEDCROOKED HILLARY
LOL RCP flat-out paused their DAILY poll average on May 22nd.We're on day 3 of a Trump lead.PANICK MOTHER FUCKERSTRUMP!!!
Me.I am the most boring normal Southern WASP Gen Xer in the country.
The Panic is real my friends.Just feast your eyes on this outburst of insane verbal diarrhea:http://www.salon.com/2016/05/23/don...ump_represents/Nice meltdown.
Few are more deserving than you. Yet you have failed thus far to take the final step:https://forums.somethingawful.com/s...hreadid=3776208PLEDGE YOURSELF AND ENJOY YOUR JUST REWARD
Well it was good while it lasted.Trump -1 today in the RCP average. His first lead lasted 4 days.Trump has now led the RCP average twice as long as Romney ever did during the entire 2012 campaign.
This argument:http://watchdog.org/238991/californ...an-made-crisis/VS.https://newrepublic.com/article/121...ifornia-drought
#MAGA MotherfuckersWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
There's a move thread button at the top of my screen so I guess apparently I have the power to move this to adtrw.But it's not gonna happen. BELIEVE ME.We beat down those Japs in WW2 LIKE A DOG. Low energy loser cartoons are not worthy of Donald J. Trump the Unstumpable.
Bewildered eh? You might even say that Mr. Hawking is . . . . STUMPEDhttp://www.thesaurus.com/browse/stumped?s=t
This thread and the Trump TOXX thread are MY turf fishmech.Vile is a made guy here.
I'm taking things semi-seriously and not being a giant dick in the hopes that this somehow becomes permanent.
Like the tea partiers before me, power has corrupted me and now I only care about retaining it, fuck actually doing anything to improve the forum by banning liberals, that could rock the boat and imperil my newfound stature.
The universe people see when they put their go blue team blinders on.OPEN YOUR EYES PEOPLE.Embrace the inevitable.TRUMP!
Sean Hannity is a groveling apologist for whoever happens to be the leader of the GOP. During the Bush years, he groveled at the man's feet, worshipped him, and took on many of his characteristics, positions, beliefs, etc.Look forward to 8 years of Sean Hannity coming up with Trump-esque nicknames for all enemies of President Trump
Pretty much. Anyone who is a member of that organization is unfit to serve in public office.GET 'EM OUT. OUT OUT OUT OUT OUTOUTOUTOUTOUT
IT'S SUNDAY WHERE THE FUCK IS MY NEW HIT OF POLLS
Do not doubt the Don.I made that mistake once.My faith was weak.Yet in the face of all odds, up against an onslaught, Lord President Trump vanquished all who stood in our way.He will deliver us once more, and will defeat the one they call Crooked Hillary.
Obama campaigning for Clinton is a huge risk-reward proposition. If another recession hit before November it would be impossible for her to backtrack his support and distance herself.
http://www.drudgereport.com/
Fair warning: further unironic Hitler praise will get you de-towered.Apologists for the filthy, goose-stepping German people are not worthy of the Trumpmerican master race.
Trump is going to be the next President and the media and GOP establishment crying crocodile tears over Trump demanding a member of La Raza Lawyers of California recuse himself as the judge in the Trump U case isn't going to change that.
Educate yourselves with the sage wisdom of Jeff Lord:http://spectator.org/trump-is-right...itch-mcconnell/
Nice meltdown.TRUMP!!!
Reminder that Donald Trump is going to be President.#MAGA
Deep down even a lot of women don't want a woman President.The Presidency is a man's job and only a bitch baby nation would emasculate and humiliate itself with a female supreme leader.America is not yet a nation of pussies, despite the lefts' best efforts.This is the land of the second amendment and college football. NASCAR races and F-250 pickups. After 8 years of a metaphorical pussy in office, we're not going to . . . . well I won't go there.We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN with the leadership of DONALD J TRUMP#BuildtheWall #MAGA #TrumpTrain #CrookedHillary
At long last.The general election campaign has officially arrived.#MAGA FOREVER!!!!
LOL this is so fucking wrong.Morning JoeSanity BreakINFOWARS WITH ALEX JONESSanity BreakMTP Daily & WADRDrink heavily & watch sports to fill the void in your sad, empty lifeSleep
Like, all 3 of these things would benefit me, benefit my parents, benefit basically any middle American that actually has to pay their own way in life.You may disagree with the GOP party position of also getting rid of PPACA, but these 3 proposals are anything but drivel and would be good no matter what.And Delaware incorporation would only be a race to the bottom if congress allowed it. As we see with PPACA, congress has the power, the ability, and the will to require certain minimum standards when it comes to healthcare plans.
We're going to win this fucking election.The false confidence from the left hiding their fear ain't fooling anyone.We got hit again, and Democrats are showing their true colors as the massive pussies they are.*Ungh* "Let's disarm ourselves and sign kumbaya." *Snivels pussily*Meanwhile Trump is rightfully blasting the Clintons for being bought and paid for, in part, by the the Orlando shooter's moral contemporaries in the middle east who "throw gays off buildings" and who have given them MILLIONS, and Obama for being the jack-ass he is, spewing more vitriol at people like Trump and claiming we should attack Americans' civil rights to make us safer.Cue the media's polls that are just getting laughable. "SEE!!! Now a full 99% of Minorities hate Trump!!! We swear!!! He can't win!!! OH GOD HELP US!!!!!!!"Pro-Tip: If you want your propaganda to work, you have to inject it with just a little bit of truth.I am so fucking PUMPED. WE ARE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!Get fucked sad low energy losers. USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
Except in this case Dennis Hopper is the good guy and the bus passengers are all GOP elites.
It's always darkest before the Don.WE THE PEOPLE are going to win this election.AMERICA FIRST.
Governor isn't POTUS and it doesn't matter if you're a dork.Also he was an excellent governor.Also the Democrats ran literal retards against him. I remember in his reelection campaign he had to take time out of a debate to explain to his opponent the responsibilities and powers of the job when his opponent complained about JEB! not doing something that the governor of Florida literally cannot do.A big dork like JEB! looks pretty good when the other choice is a drooling idiot.
